About Investigo Government Solutions (IGS) | Discover Public Sector Solutions – Get Started Today — Investigo Government Solutions Select “Accept all” to agree to our use of cookies and similar technologies to enhance your browsing experience, security, analytics and customization. Select ”Manage cookies” to make more choices or opt out. Accept all Decline all Manage cookies 0 About Investigo Government Solutions Innovation and excellence The Investigo Government Solutions (IGS) team works closely with clients to manage and successfully deliver complex projects, programmes, and portfolios. We prioritise meaningful partnerships that drive collaboration, innovation, and we align our bespoke with the distinct challenges and objectives of our public sector customers. 0+ Live projects 0+ Specialists on projects 0% Satisfaction Rate 0+ Countries Empowering you We are committed to driving sustainable change and empowering clients to tackle today’s challenges while building long-term capabilities. By equipping our clients with the tools, insights, and support they need, we enable them to make informed decisions and take confident actions. Partner with IGS for innovative, collaborative solutions that deliver meaningful progress and tangible growth within your organisation. Our leadership team Get to know the experts at IGS. Our dedicated team works closely with organisations to understand their needs and deliver tailored solutions that drive success. Stuart Saxon DIRECTOR - IGS Darren Bradley ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR Meet all the IGS experts Read our latest success stories See how Investigo Government Solutions has partnered with organisations like yours to find top talent, driving success and delivering exceptional results in the government sector. Professional Standards Department – surge investigative support IGS rapidly deployed specialist PSD investigators, enhancing capacity, case efficiency, and professional standards while maintaining accountability, procedural integrity, and seamless police integration. Read more → Strengthening maritime operations in the Caribbean - FCDO IGS was engaged by the FCDO to support a British Overseas Territory) Police Service within the Caribbean and reform its Marine Unit, successfully aligning its operations and training with UK policing and maritime standards and positioning it for a key compliance inspection. Read more → Establishing a managed training cadre for ITMC, Home Office IGS developed a managed cadre of contract trainers for ITMC, boosting responsiveness, efficiency, training quality, flexibility, and international law enforcement support. Read more → Senior police leadership appointment for a Caribbean police force IGS partnered with the Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office (FCDO) to successfully identify and appoint a new Commissioner of Police for a British Overseas Territory, ensuring a seamless, end-to-end recruitment process. Read more → Become part of our community Built for the people who power public services, Frontline+ is a community connecting professionals across the UK public sector. It is a space where professionals across every level and discipline of UK public sector can connect, share lived experiences and have honest conversations about the things that matter most to their working lives. We believe that the people best placed to improve public sector working environments are the people already inside them. Everything Frontline+ does is built around real stories, genuine dialogue and practical ideas that go beyond awareness and into meaningful change. Join the community platform Social Value Championing Diversity Supporting under-represented groups throughout our supply ecosystem. Community Engagement Supporting youth mental health and enabling potential through charity partnerships. Supporting the Armed Forces Offering bespoke career opportunities for veterans and proud members of the Armed Forces Covenant. Educational Support & Upskilling Enhancing public and community skills through accredited, career-enhancing training. Want to know more? We are here to support the unique needs of each of our customers. Get in touch today to discover how our tailored services can help you achieve your goals with expertise and efficiency. Contact us