Investigation & Intelligence Capability | Enhance Investigations Now — Investigo Government Solutions Select “Accept all” to agree to our use of cookies and similar technologies to enhance your browsing experience, security, analytics and customization. Select ”Manage cookies” to make more choices or opt out. Accept all Decline all Manage cookies 0 Investigation & Intelligence Capability Surge capacity IGS rapidly deploys experienced professionals to support investigation demands across all disciplines across the UK and internationally. We provide practical expertise that improves outcomes and protects integrity, covering a wide range of all crime and intelligence disciplines. Our teams include PIP2 and PIP3 investigators, as well as specialist crime experts, to address complex and sensitive areas like public protection and safeguarding, major and serious crime, intelligence, professional standards, volume crime, economic crime, and even sensitive investigations linked to counter-terrorism. This dedicated support ensures that your investigations are robust, efficient, and uphold the highest standards. IGS offers crucial surge capacity, enabling you to effectively manage demanding caseloads and access specific expertise precisely when you need it. By partnering with IGS, you gain access to a strong cohort of seasoned professionals committed to enhancing your investigative capabilities and achieving successful, integrity driven investigative outcomes. Facing a complex investigation? Additional capability and capacity at your fingertips When a critical investigation arises, whether it's a major crime, serious organised crime, or a sensitive safeguarding issue, you may need additional capability and capacity, fast. Delays could compromise outcomes and risk integrity. With the right workforce, you can ensure your most demanding cases are professionally investigated and managed, we can scale and deploy experience, expertise and knowledge. Your force or agency is committed to achieving justice and protecting the public. However, high-stakes investigations often demand specialist skills and surge capacity that are difficult to maintain in-house. You need a partner who can quickly integrate into your operations, bringing practical, highly experienced practitioners to immediately enhance your capabilities. Imagine having immediate access to a pool of highly experienced, accredited investigators, intelligence, analytical, management and specialists who can seamlessly support your live and historic cases. You might have challenges with: A sudden influx of complex cases. The need for specific, highly accredited investigative expertise (e.g., PIP2/3). Protecting the integrity of sensitive inquiries. Ensuring the best possible outcomes for victims and the wider public. You’ll benefit from Rapid Deployment: We deploy our experienced PIP2 and PIP3 investigators and specialist crime experts directly to your team, when and where you need them most, even at surge capacity. Enhanced Outcomes Our practical expertise directly improves the quality and efficiency of your investigations across all disciplines, from major crime, serious organised crime, and public protection to intelligence, professional standards, economic crime, and even sensitive counter-terrorism related inquiries. Protected Integrity You gain confidence knowing that your investigations are supported by professionals dedicated to the highest standards of integrity and best practice. Operational Resilience You can confidently tackle complex and demanding cases, knowing you have flexible access to the exact skills required, without the overheads of permanent recruitment. Commercial A professional service delivered whilst maintaining cost efficiencies and effectiveness You get the practical, hands-on support that ensures your investigations are thorough, robust, and lead to the best possible outcomes, protecting both your reputation, continuity and public safety. We are building cohorts across the UK who have valid police and government security clearance to enable faster deployment for our surge capability model. Want to learn more? We are here to support the unique needs of each of our customers. Get in touch today to discover how our tailored services can help you achieve your goals with expertise and efficiency. Learn more