Overseas Programmes & Secure Capacity and Capability Building | Enhance Global Security Now — Investigo Government Solutions Select “Accept all” to agree to our use of cookies and similar technologies to enhance your browsing experience, security, analytics and customization. Select ”Manage cookies” to make more choices or opt out. Accept all Decline all Manage cookies 0 Overseas Programmes & Secure Capacity and Capability Building Comprehensive support for policing, governance, and security sector reform IGS delivers UK funded reform programmes in international regions, meticulously tailoring each to its specific environment. This includes comprehensive support for policing, governance, and security sector reform, always grounded in local nuance while backed by the credibility of UK standards. We undertake comprehensive reviews and deliver multi-agency partnership projects, offering expertise in technology, operational, development review, and providing key recommendations. To achieve project outputs, IGS deploys highly skilled and experienced practitioners and teams to the environment. These teams are dedicated to increasing local knowledge, positive and continuous development and confidence through mentoring and hands-on guidance, ultimately delivering positive and sustainable change. This approach ensures that our overseas programmes build lasting secure capacity and enhanced capabilities within the regions you support. Are you seeking proven expertise for your international reform programmes? Delivering successful reform in complex international environments demands a unique blend of global standards and local understanding. We are here to support, build and deploy a diverse capability in challenging overseas contexts ensuring your commitment leads to strong delivery, driving positive change and extensive outcomes. You understand that effective international reform programmes, whether in policing, governance, or broader security sectors, require more than just funding. You need partners who can navigate local nuances while bringing credible, robust methodologies. The challenge often lies in translating strategic goals into practical, sustainable improvements on the ground, developing local ownership and increasing knowledge and confidence within the communities you aim to support. Imagine your international reform initiatives thriving, grounded in a deep understanding of the local environment yet backed by the reliability and credibility of UK standards. You can achieve lasting positive change, building resilient and effective security and governance structures. We specialise in partnering with you to deliver impactful, reform programmes tailored precisely to each unique international context. We help you by: Customising your approach: Delivering comprehensive reviews and crafting solutions that are specifically grounded in local nuance, ensuring relevance and sustainability for your programme. Empowering local capabilities: Deploying highly skilled and experienced multi-agency teams to achieve your project outputs, focusing on increasing local knowledge and confidence through targeted mentoring and development. Driving positive change: Providing expertise in technology, operational reviews, and strategic recommendations to ensure your programme delivers strong, positive change and strengthens security and governance sectors. You gain the assurance of programmes delivered with integrity, adaptability, and a proven track record, resulting in enhanced capacity and capabilities in the regions you support. We offer development & improvement across: You get the practical, hands-on support that ensures your investigations are thorough, robust, and lead to the best possible outcomes, protecting both your reputation, continuity and public safety. We are building cohorts across the UK who have valid police and government security clearance to enable faster deployment for our surge capability model. Criminal justice Executive leadership Operations Firearms Marine unit Estates Control room Crime standards Want to know more? We are here to support the unique needs of each of our customers. Get in touch today to discover how our tailored services can help you achieve your goals with expertise and efficiency. Learn more