Work With Us | Join Our Team Today — Investigo Government Solutions Select “Accept all” to agree to our use of cookies and similar technologies to enhance your browsing experience, security, analytics and customization. Select ”Manage cookies” to make more choices or opt out. Accept all Decline all Manage cookies 0 Work with us Looking to make a difference in the public sector? Explore exciting job opportunities with Investigo Government Solutions. Whether you're seeking roles in Change & Transformation , Defence, Security, Safety & Justice , or Digital & Technology , we connect skilled professionals with impactful positions that shape the future of government services. View open roles What our workers say “I would say that with IGS you would be in safe hands as the company are reliable professional and ethical. They trusted in me as I trusted in them and my overseas deployment was an ultimate success. Faith in an employer is a huge thing. I put my faith in IGS as a first time employer and they did not let me down or fall short of any expectations. In fact they exceeded expectations massively.” “I would recommend IGS to others. They are a dynamic company with great contacts within local and central government and have a team that will try to get you the best possible options to match your skill set. You can rely on support throughout your contract .” “I found working for IGS, a decent company from the outset. The onboarding was straightforward. All necessary equipment was supplied for my role, and if not it was easily reimbursed with all necessary receipts. The administration around pay was efficient as long as your personal admin was completed on time. Having previously worked with Darren Bradley on another project I knew that I was in good hands. Nothing was ever an issue for him and the team and I have always found them very polite , efficient and very helpful in resolving anything that I had concerns about.” “I felt that the project was a very special and unique deployment to have worked on, the pay was reasonable given the threat and risk involved. Since leaving the Police after 30 years service I enjoyed the feeling of being part of a team again and representing something bigger.” “Everyone from Darren Bradley, Mark Brown and Rhys Ivey and all other staff pulled out all the stops to get this job done in super quick time. I absolutely would wish to work with IGS again. In fact I look forward to the next project/ deployment with bated breath! The welfare checks were an unexpected positive for me”. “The 5 min WhatsApp briefing given prior to deployment from the UK gave me no uncertainty of what the job involved, it was honest and straight to the point. This sort of no frills operational briefing for me is crucial it gives the operatives a real idea of the manor in which the project is to be run and what is expected of them.” Item 1 of 6 Want to know more? We are here to support the unique needs of each of our customers. Get in touch today to discover how our tailored services can help you achieve your goals with expertise and efficiency. Contact us