ALTA Aviation Law Americas Skip to content ABOUT Get ready for the 17th ALTA Aviation Law Americas conference, from September 8 to 10, 2026 in Miami, United States, at the Loews Coral Gables Hotel. Consolidated as a key 3-day event where legal experts, renowned law firms, and leading airlines from across the Americas, The Caribbean, Europe, Asia, and Africa come together to immerse in dynamic discussions on pertinent legal and financial topics that will shape the future of Latin America’s aeropolitical landscape. Mark your calendars for September 8-10, 2026, and be part of this prestigious law conference. REGISTER NOW TESTIMONIALS Francisco Vargas/Crawford-GML “ALTA Aviation Law Americas continues to improve year after year. It is an excellent opportunity to connect with relevant industry participants and keep updated on the latest developments in aviation law." Ricardo Maluf - Maluf & Rodrigues Abogados "The ALTA Aviation Law Americas conference is the premier destination for lawyers in the Americas looking to stay current on the latest legal developments in the aviation industry. With an unparalleled lineup of industry experts and opportunities for networking and knowledge sharing, this event is a must-attend for any lawyer looking to stay at the forefront of aviation law. Don't miss your chance to participate in high-level legal debates and gain valuable insights from experienced professionals." Valeria Curi - Di Ciero Abogados "ALTA's Aviation Law conference is the ultimate networking and learning opportunity for legal professionals in Latin America. Every edition provides a chance to connect with a wide range of jurists from across the region, discuss current issues and trends in aviation law, and expand your knowledge through informative and engaging sessions. Don't miss the chance to be a part of this valuable experience and grow your professional network." Maria de Lourdes Marengo/PMA I had an enriching experience learning about trends in other jurisdictions and a great networking opportunity. Andreas Bulling/Lufthansa "As a first-time participant to the ALTA Aviation Law event this year, the conference is meant to become a fixed appointment in my calendar for the future." Ricardo Bernardi - Bernardi & Schnapp Abogados "ALTA's Aviation Law Conferences are a must-attend event for legal professionals in the aviation industry. As one of the most important gatherings of its kind, it offers a unique opportunity to stay informed on the latest legal developments and network with experienced aviation lawyers from around the region. The dedication of ALTA's team and attendees make this conference a key event for any lawyer looking to advance their career in the airline and aviation sector. Join us to learn, network and improve your professional skills in the aviation industry." Francisco Vargas/Crawford-GML “ALTA Aviation Law Americas continues to improve year after year. It is an excellent opportunity to connect with relevant industry participants and keep updated on the latest developments in aviation law." Ricardo Maluf - Maluf & Rodrigues Abogados "The ALTA Aviation Law Americas conference is the premier destination for lawyers in the Americas looking to stay current on the latest legal developments in the aviation industry. With an unparalleled lineup of industry experts and opportunities for networking and knowledge sharing, this event is a must-attend for any lawyer looking to stay at the forefront of aviation law. Don't miss your chance to participate in high-level legal debates and gain valuable insights from experienced professionals." Valeria Curi - Di Ciero Abogados "ALTA's Aviation Law conference is the ultimate networking and learning opportunity for legal professionals in Latin America. Every edition provides a chance to connect with a wide range of jurists from across the region, discuss current issues and trends in aviation law, and expand your knowledge through informative and engaging sessions. Don't miss the chance to be a part of this valuable experience and grow your professional network." Maria de Lourdes Marengo/PMA I had an enriching experience learning about trends in other jurisdictions and a great networking opportunity. SOME PAST CONFERENCE SPEAKERS Richard Galindo avianca John Maggio Condon & Forsyth ricardo Maluf Maluf e Rodrigues Advogados Juan José Salmón LAP Diego Ferrari CYFA - Abogados Jonathon Foglia Cozen O'Connor Richard Galindo avianca John Maggio Condon & Forsyth ricardo Maluf Maluf e Rodrigues Advogados Juan José Salmón LAP Diego Ferrari CYFA - Abogados Jonathon Foglia Cozen O'Connor Richard Galindo avianca John Maggio Condon & Forsyth PRIME SPONSORS SPONSORS ABOUT MIAMI Miami, Florida, is a vibrant, coastal “Magic City” renowned for its tropical climate, stunning beaches (like South Beach), and deep-rooted Latin American and Caribbean cultural influences. It serves as a major international hub for finance, tourism, and cruising, boasting the third-largest skyline in the U.S. and a bustling nightlife VIEW HOTEL PHOTOGALLERY SEE THE 2025 PHOTOGALLERY