CHAPTER 6. INTERNATIONAL AIRPORTS —
FACILITIES AND SERVICES FOR TRAFFIC
A. General
6.1 airport becomes privatized.
Each Contracting State shall ensure that the provisions of Annex 9 continue to be implemented in the event an
6.1.1 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should, in consultation with airport operators, ensure that
the design, development and maintenance of facilities at international airports provide efficient and effective flow
arrangements.
6.1.2 passengers, crew, baggage, cargo and mail.
Each Contracting State shall ensure that airport and aircraft operators provide for the expeditious processing of
6.1.3 Each Contracting State shall ensure that efficient customs, immigration, quarantine and health border clearance
services, as required, are provided at international airports.
6.1.4 Each Contracting State, in consultation with airport operators, shall ensure that facilities and services provided at
international airports are, where possible, flexible and capable of expansion to meet traffic growth, an increase in security
requirements arising from increased threat, or other changes to support border integrity measures.
Note.— With respect to aviation security requirements, attention is drawn to the relevant specification in Annex 17,
*
Chapter 2, 2.3.
6.2 Each Contracting State shall require that, in the planning of new facilities or major modifications to existing
facilities, including cargo facilities, at international airports, the entity or entities responsible for such planning consult with
public authorities, aircraft operators and appropriate bodies representing airport users, at the earliest stages of planning, as
required.
6.3 Recommended Practice.— Aircraft operators should inform airport operators and relevant government agencies,
in commercial confidence, of their service, schedule and fleet plans at the airport, to enable rational planning of facilities
and services in relation to the traffic anticipated.
6.4 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that where a passenger service charge, airport
tax or other similar fee is levied at an international airport, direct collection from passengers is avoided wherever possible.
6.5 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should, subject to relevant regulations and within the
limitations established by the airport operator due to constraints caused by limited space or capacity, permit aircraft
operators to choose how, and by whom, their ground handling operations should be carried out.
*
The specification reads as follows:
Recommendation.— Each Contracting State should whenever possible arrange for the security controls and
procedures to cause a minimum of interference with, or delay to the activities of, civil aviation provided the
effectiveness of these controls and procedures is not compromised.
ANNEX 9 6-1 23/2/18Annex 9 — Facilitation Chapter 6
B. Airport traffic flow arrangements
I. Common provisions
6.6 Each Contracting State shall ensure that airport operators provide adequate facilities to permit embarkation and
disembarkation of passengers without delay.
6.7 Recommended Practice.— Airport operators, aircraft operators and public authorities should exchange, in a
timely manner, all relevant operational information, in order to provide for a smooth and expeditious passenger flow and
efficient resource allocation.
6.8 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States, airport and aircraft operators, where appropriate and after
consultation, should implement automated facilities for passenger and baggage processing.
6.9 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that signage used at airports is based on
Doc 9636, International Signs to Provide Guidance to Persons at Airports and Marine Terminals, published jointly by ICAO
and the International Maritime Organization.
6.9.1 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State, in consultation with airport and aircraft operators, should
notify travellers, via signage, leaflets, video, audio, Internet websites or other media, of the penalties for breaching
regulations with regard to entry and departure and attempting to import or export any banned or restricted item.
6.10 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that airport operators or terminal building
operators install mechanical people-moving devices, when walking distances and the traffic volume within and across
terminal buildings so warrant.
6.11 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that an airport or aircraft operator, as
appropriate, installs flight information systems capable of providing accurate, adequate and up-to-the-minute information on
departures, arrivals, cancellations, delays, and terminal/gate allocations.
6.12 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that an airport operator or aircraft operator,
as appropriate, maintains a flight information system, and follows the standard layout recommended in Doc 9249, Dynamic
Flight-Related Public Information Displays.
6.13 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should encourage the airport operators or the service
provider, as appropriate, to provide car parking facilities for long- and short-term usage by passengers, visitors, crew and
staff at international airports.
II. Aircraft parking and servicing arrangements
6.14 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that convenient parking and servicing
facilities for aircraft are available, in order to expedite clearance and operations on the apron and to reduce aircraft ground
stop time.
III. Outbound passengers, crew and baggage
6.15 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that adequate transportation is provided, by
the appropriate service provider, between airport terminal buildings during the hours of airport operation.
23/2/18 6-2Chapter 6 Annex 9 — Facilitation
6.16 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should allow airport and aircraft operators to provide off-
airport check-in facilities, so long as all necessary security measures and other control requirements are met.
6.17 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that security and/or border control personnel
use efficient screening and examination techniques in examinations of passengers and their baggage, in order to facilitate
aircraft departure.
Note.— Privacy for the passenger should be assured during any physical searches required. Private rooms are
preferable; however portable screens may be used. Physical searches should be conducted by an officer of the same sex as
the passenger.
6.18 within close proximity of each other.
Recommended Practice.— Crew-member check-in and operations facilities should be readily accessible and
6.19 Recommended Practice.— Airport operators and public authorities should provide efficient services for general
aviation operators or their agent(s) concerning their operational and administrative requirements.
6.20 Each Contracting State shall make arrangements for sufficient number of control channels so that clearance, if
required, of outbound passengers and crew may be obtained with the least possible delay. Additional channels shall be
available, if possible, to which complicated cases may be directed without delaying the main flow of passengers.
IV. Inbound passengers, crew and baggage
6.21 Contracting States shall make arrangements for a sufficient number of control channels so that clearance of
inbound passengers and crew may be obtained with the least possible delay. Additional channel(s) shall be available if
possible to which complicated cases may be directed without delaying the main flow of passengers.
6.22 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that airport operators provide adequate space
in the baggage claim area permitting easy identification and speedy reclaim by each passenger of his checked baggage.
6.23 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that, where appropriate, mechanized baggage
delivery systems are installed at international airports to facilitate the movement of passenger baggage.
6.24 The operators responsible for international airports shall ensure that passengers can obtain assistance in the
carriage of baggage to enable them to transfer baggage from baggage claim areas to points as close as possible to areas where
surface transportation from the airport or between airport terminals is provided.
V. Transit and transfer of passengers and crew
Recommended Practice.— Contracting States should, whenever possible, permit passengers to remain on board
the aircraft and authorize embarkation and disembarkation during refuelling, subject to the necessary safety and security
6.25 measures.
6.26 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that airport operators provide sufficient space
for handling counters in direct transit areas, in accordance with traffic volumes. The space requirement and operating hours
should be agreed between the airport and aircraft operators.
6-3 23/2/18Annex 9 — Facilitation Chapter 6
VI. Miscellaneous facilities and services in passenger terminal buildings
6.27 Recommended Practice.— Storage facilities should be provided for baggage left by their owners at
international airports for later pick-up subject to security requirements.
6.28 Each Contracting State shall ensure that airport or aircraft operators, as appropriate, provide facilities where
unclaimed, unidentified and mishandled baggage is kept securely until cleared, forwarded, claimed or disposed of in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Authorized personnel of the aircraft operator or service provider shall have
access to the baggage during the hours of airport operation.
6.29 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State, in cooperation with airport operators, should ensure that
terminal facilities are designed, managed and organized so that the non-travelling public does not interfere with the flow of
inbound and outbound passengers.
6.29.1 Recommended Practice.— Provisions should be made to locate facilities for group/tour operators in public or
uncontrolled areas in the arrival and/or departure areas in order to minimize congestion in the terminal buildings.
6.30 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State, in consultation with airport operators, should ensure that
retail facilities, while being conveniently located, do not impede passenger flow.
VII. Cargo and mail handling and clearance facilities
6.31 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that airport operators make appropriate
provision for clearance of all-cargo aircraft.
6.32 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State, in cooperation with airport operators, should ensure that
cargo terminals and their landside access roads are appropriately designed and operated to provide efficient access.
6.33 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State, in cooperation with airport and aircraft operators, should
ensure that cargo terminals are designed to facilitate the safe, sanitary, efficient and secure processing and storage of cargo
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
6.34 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State, in cooperation with airport and aircraft operators, should
provide for appropriate facilities for the safe, efficient and secure processing and storage of mail consignments, at those
international airports where the volume of mail so warrants and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
C. Facilities required for implementation of public health,
emergency medical relief, and animal and plant quarantine measures
6.35 Each Contracting State, in cooperation with airport operators, shall ensure the maintenance of public health,
including human, animal and plant quarantine at international airports.
6.36 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States should ensure that there are, at or near all their major
international airports, facilities and services for vaccination or revaccination, and for the delivery of the corresponding
certificates.
6.37 Recommended Practice.— International airports should have available access to appropriate facilities for
administration of public health and animal and plant quarantine measures applicable to aircraft, crew, passengers, baggage,
cargo, mail and stores.
23/2/18 6-4Chapter 6 Annex 9 — Facilitation
6.38 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States should ensure that passengers and crew in transit can remain in
premises free from any danger of infection and insect vectors of diseases and, when necessary, facilities should be provided
for the transfer of passengers and crew to another terminal or airport nearby without exposure to any health hazard. Similar
arrangements and facilities should also be made available in respect of animals.
6.39 Each Contracting State shall ensure that handling and distribution procedures for consumable products (i.e. food,
drink and water supplies) on board aircraft or in the airport are in compliance with the International Health Regulations
(2005) and relevant guidelines of the World Health Organization, the Food and Agriculture Organization and national airport
regulations.
6.40 Each Contracting State, in cooperation with airport and aircraft operators, shall ensure that a safe, sanitary and
efficient system is instituted, at international airports, for the removal and disposal of all waste, waste water and other matters
dangerous to the health of persons, animals or plants, in compliance with the International Health Regulations (2005) and
relevant guidelines of the World Health Organization, the Food and Agriculture Organization and national airport regulations.
6.41 Each Contracting State, in cooperation with airport operators, shall ensure that international airports maintain
facilities and services for first-aid attendance on site, and that appropriate arrangements are available for expeditious referral
of the occasional more serious case to prearranged competent medical attention.
Note.— Consultation with the World Health Organization on all issues concerning passenger health is advisable.
D. Facilities required for clearance controls and
operation of control services
6.42 Each Contracting State shall provide sufficient services of the public authorities concerned, without charge,
during working hours established by those authorities.
Note 1.— Under Annex 15 — Aeronautical Information Services, States are obligated to publish the types and hours of
clearance services (customs, immigration, health) at their international airports.
Note 2.— In addition to services referred to above, Contracting States, airport operators or aircraft operators may wish
to offer enhanced services to users (passengers, aircraft operators and other parties that would benefit from the proposed
premium service), either on a free or a fee-paid, voluntary basis. Where a fee will be assessed, it should be limited to that
necessary to recover the cost for the service provided.
6.43 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should consider making arrangements with other States to
station representatives of the public authorities concerned in its territory in order to pre-examine aircraft, passengers,
baggage, crew, and cargo, for customs, immigration, public health and animal and plant quarantine purposes, prior to
departure when such action will facilitate clearance upon arrival in those States.
E. Unruly passengers
6.44 Each Contracting State shall, to deter and prevent unruly behaviour, promote passenger awareness of the
unacceptability and possible legal consequences of unruly or disruptive behaviour in aviation facilities and on board aircraft.
6.45 manage unruly passenger situations.
Each Contracting State shall take measures to ensure that relevant personnel are provided training to identify and
Note.— Guidance material on the legal aspects of unruly/disruptive passengers can be found in Circular 288 —
Guidance Material on the Legal Aspects of Unruly/Disruptive Passengers.
6-5 23/2/18Annex 9 — Facilitation Chapter 6
F. Passenger amenities
Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should, where traffic justifies, ensure that airport operators
provide suitable childcare facilities in passenger terminals, and that they are clearly indicated by signage and are easily
6.46 accessible.
6.47 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States restricting the import or export of funds of other States should
provide for the issuance to travellers of certificates showing the amounts of such funds in their possession upon entering the
State and should permit such travellers, upon surrender of such certificates prior to leaving the State, to take such funds with
them. Inscription on the travel document may serve the same purpose.
6.48 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State that restricts the import of its own currency should ensure
that facilities are available for passengers to deposit any excess amount at the international airport of entry and, upon
departure, to reclaim the deposited amount, at the same point or at any other designated point.
6.49 Recommended Practice.— Each Contracting State should ensure that an airport operator or service provider(s),
as appropriate, provide(s) passengers with information on ground transportation available at the airport.
6.50 Contracting States shall provide, at such times as to meet the needs of the travelling public, adequate facilities at
international airports for the legal exchange of funds of other States through governmental agencies or shall authorize private
agencies to do so. These facilities shall be available to arriving and departing passengers.
Note.— In giving effect to this provision, the use of vending machines at international airports, enabling a departing
passenger to obtain foreign currency, at any time of the day or night, has proved to be of valuable assistance and should be
considered as a possibility by Contracting States.