Venue – 2026 ALTA CCMA & MRO VENUE Alternative Hotel Intercontinental Cartagena Stay at Hotel InterContinental® Cartagena de Indias and experience the Caribbean in refined comfort. Steps from the historic center, our beachfront hotel centers IHG luxury while surrounded by the coastal soul of Cartagena. Our hotel draws inspiration from these cultural nuances and bold history. Our culinary program reimagines international cuisine through the lens of Caribbean flavors. Each dish is a curate sensory journey where refined technique and regional richness merge. SOLD OUT! Hilton Cartagena hotel Enjoy personalized service and our facilities, including a 24-hour fitness center, outdoor tennis courts, and a pool complex. We also have a convention center on site for events. International favorites, Colombian style. Explore a variety of flavors at our signature restaurant, offering a breakfast and lunch buffet, and à la carte options. Our lobby, beach, and pool bars serve drinks and light fare. SOLD OUT! The Hilton Cartagena is only available from Sunday, May 17 to Wednesday, May 20. If guests arrive before Sunday, the Hotel Intercontinental Cartagena will serve as the alternative accommodation option. See the detailed information below. Warning – Fraudulent Hotel Booking Travel Agency Don’t become a victim! We have been made aware of the existence of fraudulent hotel booking companies whom operate by contacting conference participants and exhibitors presenting themselves as a preferred supplier or, in some cases, claiming to be affiliated with ALTA as a vendor for the show/exhibition company or hotel, and offering lower hotel rates and preferred exhibition area locations at discounted prices. ALTA only works directly with the hotel and the only official and secure channel to process your hotel and exhibition area reservations is through the link included in this website. If you have any questions, please contact us at conferencesandmeetings@alta.aero . About Cartagena Cartagena de Indias is a Colombian city on the Caribbean coast, famous for its historic center, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is known for its colonial charm, cobblestone streets, colorful houses, and a system of walls and fortifications that reflect its strategic importance throughout history. The city combines its rich history with beaches, a vibrant cultural scene, delicious cuisine, and excellent tourist infrastructure.