Venue – ALTA AGM & Airlines Leaders Forum Skip to content VENUE In 1980, Swissôtel was founded by two Swiss companies, Swissair and Nestlé. Since then, it has been growing and expanding throughout the world, and that is how on September 16, 1996 it arrived in Peru and Swissôtel Lima was inaugurated. A few years later, Swissôtel began to be managed by Fairmont Raffles Holding International Inc. and in 2016 it was purchased by AccorHotels, positioning it as a global leader in the hospitality industry and a key player in the luxury hotel market. Swissôtel Lima is a five-star hotel with a luxurious Swiss touch and classic, elegant accommodation. It is located in the heart of San Isidro, the most attractive cultural, residential and business district of the capital. Our European heritage is reflected through our genuine hospitality, high quality, care and trust that we offer to our guests. BOOK NOW WARNING – FRAUDULENT HOTEL BOOKING TRAVEL AGENCY Don’t become a victim! We have been made aware of the existence of fraudulent hotel booking companies whom operate by contacting conference participants and exhibitors presenting themselves as a preferred supplier or, in some cases, claiming to be affiliated with ALTA as a vendor for the show/exhibition company or hotel, and offering lower hotel rates and preferred exhibition area locations at discounted prices. ALTA only works directly with the hotel and the only official and secure channel to process your hotel and exhibition area reservations is through the link included in this website. If you have any questions, please contact us at conferencesandmeetings@alta.aero . ABOUT LIMA In Lima everything is in endless movement, and even the past is constantly being rediscovered. Lima offers an extraordinary range of emotions, sensations, colors and flavors: travelers can visit the city’s impressive cathedral, fly over the ocean, enjoy a photogenic sunset, or savor unmatched cuisine. Lima is a place of converging trends, created by its people and their living culture, where you will find every corner of Peru represented. One visit to Lima can never be enough. Lima, filled with colonial-era riches, is the only capital in South America that faces the sea, and it is hailed as the gastronomic capital of Latin America. JOIN US IN SOCIAL MEDIA X-twitter Linkedin Youtube CONTACT +507 381 9061 Bella Vista, Calle 43 Este, PH Colores de Bella Vista, Piso 6 Oficina 6G, Panamá +1 786 388 0222 1313 Ponce de Leon BLVD suite 201, Coral Gables, FL 33134, USA ALTA CONFERENCES ALTA Fuel & Environment Conference ALTA CCMA & MRO Conference ALTA Aviation Safety, Flight Ops & Training Summit ALTA Aviation Law Americas ALTA AGM & Airline Leaders Forum