ALTA AGM & Airlines Leaders Forum Skip to content Join top industry leaders, decision-makers, and government representatives at ALTA AGM & Airline Leaders Forum 2025. Why Attend Exclusive Networking: Connect with airline executives, policymakers, and C-level aviation stakeholders. Strategic Insights: Engage in critical conversations and gain firsthand knowledge on industry trends, challenges, and innovations. Business Opportunities: Explore partnerships and collaborations in a dynamic environment. Register Now Event Highlights Comprehensive Agenda: A carefully curated program featuring CEOs, C-level executives, and government leaders discussing the most pressing issues in aviation. Exhibition Area: Showcase your company to key industry players in a dedicated space designed for visibility and engagement. Keynote Speakers: Inspiring talks from global aviation leaders and decision-makers shaping the future of the industry. Networking Sessions: Exclusive opportunities to build strategic relationships with influential stakeholders. View Agenda About ALTA AGM & Airline Leaders Forum The ALTA AGM & Airline Leaders Forum is the leading conference designed to foster high-level discussions that translate into real actions for a safer, more efficient, and sustainable aviation. Each year, the event brings together airline CEOs, airport executives, suppliers, regulators, and media to address industry challenges and future trends. Register Now See short video summary from 2024 edition: Testimonials Hear from past attendees on how the event has driven impactful business connections and insights. Participating in the ALTA AGM & Airline Leaders Forum is key to driving a common agenda in our region. Latin America and the Caribbean have tremendous potential for growth in air connectivity, but this future will only materialize if all key players actively commit and work together. At Flybondi, we want to share our vision and contribute our experience in Argentina so that #LaibertadDeVolar continues to soar ever higher. Mauricio Sana CEO, Flybondi "The ALTA Leaders Forum continues to be an invaluable gathering of the key executives shaping the future of air travel in Latin America and the Caribbean. Not only is the content deep and enriching, but the networking opportunities are unparalleled. IBS Software has been a proud supporter of the event for several years and we connections we’ve made and the insights we’ve gained have directly influenced how we at IBS Software approach challenges and opportunities in the region. I strongly recommend it to any travel executive looking to stay ahead in a rapidly evolving industry." Jitendra Sindhwani Chief Revenue Officer, IBS Software "The ALTA AGM is a meeting point where we can share our diverse industry perspectives and find common solutions. A space to identify ways to overcome obstacles and challenges toward a more inclusive and sustainable aviation sector. And to develop solutions that make our ecosystem safer, more cost-efficient, and bring air travel to everyone in the region." Estuardo Ortiz CEO, JETSMART Participating in the ALTA AGM & Airline Leaders Forum is key to driving a common agenda in our region. Latin America and the Caribbean have tremendous potential for growth in air connectivity, but this future will only materialize if all key players actively commit and work together. At Flybondi, we want to share our vision and contribute our experience in Argentina so that #LaibertadDeVolar continues to soar ever higher. Mauricio Sana CEO, Flybondi "The ALTA Leaders Forum continues to be an invaluable gathering of the key executives shaping the future of air travel in Latin America and the Caribbean. Not only is the content deep and enriching, but the networking opportunities are unparalleled. IBS Software has been a proud supporter of the event for several years and we connections we’ve made and the insights we’ve gained have directly influenced how we at IBS Software approach challenges and opportunities in the region. I strongly recommend it to any travel executive looking to stay ahead in a rapidly evolving industry." Jitendra Sindhwani Chief Revenue Officer, IBS Software Stay Updated Follow us for the latest updates and announcements. Subscribe to our communications Submit AGENDA Coming soon! Stay tuned for the official 2025 agenda. SPEAKERS Global aviation leaders. To be announced soon! PARTICIPATING AIRLINES Featuring top airlines in Latin America & the Caribbean. Full list coming soon. REGISTRATION Secure your spot at the most anticipated aviation conference in the region! Lima will be the aviation capital in 2025! VENUE Info from hotel and Promperú. Official Host Official Host Airline Official Host Airport About Lima In Lima everything is in endless movement, and even the past is constantly being rediscovered. Lima offers an extraordinary range of emotions, sensations, colors and flavors: travelers can visit the city’s impressive cathedral, fly over the ocean, enjoy a photogenic sunset, or savor unmatched cuisine. Lima is a place of converging trends, created by its people and their living culture, where you will find every corner of Peru represented. One visit to Lima can never be enough. Lima, filled with colonial-era riches, is the only capital in South America that faces the sea, and it is hailed as the gastronomic capital of Latin America. Book Hotel Photogallery SEE EVENT PHOTOGALLERY 2025 PRIME Sponsors 2025 Sponsors Conference Speakers John Rodgerson AZUL Jose Raul Vargas SKY Airline Peru Juan Carlos Salazar ICAO Peter Cerdá ALTA Adrian Neuhauser Abra Group Andrés Bianchi LATAM Carlos Garcia Martin Oliver Wyman Diogo Elias avianca CArgo Estuardo Ortiz JetSMART Airlines Frederico Pedreira avianca Pablo Rousselin DHL Express Aero Pedro Heilbron Copa Airlines ARTURO BARREIRA AIRBUS Nelamar Piñeiro Venari Partners Enrique Perrella Business Traveler Magazine ALEX DE GUNTEN HEICO Carolina Betancourt BioD Celso Ferrer GOL Daniel Galpin ICF Eric Hartmann TIACA Gabriel Araujo Reuters Gabriela Frias CNN Gustavo Arruda Mastercard Jerome Cadier LATAM Brasil John Rodgerson AZUL Jose Raul Vargas SKY Airline Peru Juan Carlos Salazar ICAO Peter Cerdá ALTA Adrian Neuhauser Abra Group Andrés Bianchi LATAM Carlos Garcia Martin Oliver Wyman Diogo Elias avianca CArgo JOIN US IN SOCIAL MEDIA X-twitter Linkedin Youtube CONTACT +507 381 9061 Bella Vista, Calle 43 Este, PH Colores de Bella Vista, Piso 6 Oficina 6G, Panamá +1 786 388 0222 1313 Ponce de Leon BLVD suite 201, Coral Gables, FL 33134, USA ALTA CONFERENCES ALTA Fuel & Environment Conference ALTA CCMA & MRO Conference ALTA Aviation Safety, Flight Ops & Training Summit ALTA Aviation Law Americas ALTA AGM & Airline Leaders Forum