ALTA AGM & Airlines Leaders Forum Skip to content Join top industry leaders, decision-makers, and government representatives at ALTA AGM & Airline Leaders Forum 2026. Why Attend Exclusive Networking: Connect with airline executives, policymakers, and C-level aviation stakeholders. Strategic Insights: Engage in critical conversations and gain firsthand knowledge on industry trends, challenges, and innovations. Business Opportunities: Explore partnerships and collaborations in a dynamic environment. Register Now Event Highlights Comprehensive Agenda: A carefully curated program featuring CEOs, C-level executives, and government leaders discussing the most pressing issues in aviation. Keynote Speakers: Inspiring talks from global aviation leaders and decision-makers shaping the future of the industry. Networking Sessions: Exclusive opportunities to build strategic relationships with influential stakeholders. View Agenda About ALTA AGM & Airline Leaders Forum The ALTA AGM & Airline Leaders Forum is the leading conference designed to foster high-level discussions that translate into real actions for a safer, more efficient, and sustainable aviation. Each year, the event brings together airline CEOs, airport executives, suppliers, regulators, and media to address industry challenges and future trends. Register Now See short video summary from 2025 edition: Testimonials Hear from past attendees on how the event has driven impactful business connections and insights. "The ALTA AGM is a meeting point where we can share our diverse industry perspectives and find common solutions. A space to identify ways to overcome obstacles and challenges toward a more inclusive and sustainable aviation sector. And to develop solutions that make our ecosystem safer, more cost-efficient, and bring air travel to everyone in the region." Estuardo Ortiz CEO, JETSMART "The ALTA Leaders Forum continues to be an invaluable gathering of the key executives shaping the future of air travel in Latin America and the Caribbean. Not only is the content deep and enriching, but the networking opportunities are unparalleled. IBS Software has been a proud supporter of the event for several years and we connections we’ve made and the insights we’ve gained have directly influenced how we at IBS Software approach challenges and opportunities in the region. I strongly recommend it to any travel executive looking to stay ahead in a rapidly evolving industry." Jitendra Sindhwani Chief Revenue Officer, IBS Software "The ALTA AGM is a meeting point where we can share our diverse industry perspectives and find common solutions. A space to identify ways to overcome obstacles and challenges toward a more inclusive and sustainable aviation sector. And to develop solutions that make our ecosystem safer, more cost-efficient, and bring air travel to everyone in the region." Estuardo Ortiz CEO, JETSMART "The ALTA Leaders Forum continues to be an invaluable gathering of the key executives shaping the future of air travel in Latin America and the Caribbean. Not only is the content deep and enriching, but the networking opportunities are unparalleled. IBS Software has been a proud supporter of the event for several years and we connections we’ve made and the insights we’ve gained have directly influenced how we at IBS Software approach challenges and opportunities in the region. I strongly recommend it to any travel executive looking to stay ahead in a rapidly evolving industry." Jitendra Sindhwani Chief Revenue Officer, IBS Software Stay Updated Follow us for the latest updates and announcements. Subscribe to our communications Submit AGENDA Coming soon! Stay tuned for the official 2025 agenda. SPEAKERS Global aviation leaders. To be announced soon! INVITED AIRLINES Featuring top airlines in Latin America & the Caribbean. Full list coming soon. REGISTRATION Secure your spot at the most anticipated aviation conference in the region! Mexico City will be the aviation capital in 2026! VENUE Hotel and event city information. Official Host Official Host Airline Official Host Airport About Mexico Mexico City, or Ciudad de México , is the capital of Mexico and the most populated city in North America. It’s a global cultural and financial hub, and one of the world’s largest cities. It is one of the oldest continuously inhabited urban settlements in the Western Hemisphere, and it is ranked as one of the world’s most populous metropolitan areas. One of the few major cities not located along the banks of a river, it lies in an inland basin called the Valley of Mexico , or Mesa Central. Book Hotel Photogallery SEE EVENT PHOTOGALLERY 2025 Sponsors Conference Speakers Estuardo Ortiz JetSMART Airlines Frederico Pedreira avianca Enrique Perrella Business Traveler Magazine Nelamar Piñeiro Venari Partners Gabriel Araujo Reuters Carolina Betancourt BioD Andrés Bianchi LATAM Peter Cerdá ALTA Diogo Elias avianca CArgo Celso Ferrer GOL Gabriela Frias CNN Daniel Galpin ICF Carlos Garcia Martin Oliver Wyman Eric Hartmann TIACA Pedro Heilbron Copa Airlines Adrian Neuhauser Abra Group Estuardo Ortiz JetSMART Airlines Frederico Pedreira avianca Enrique Perrella Business Traveler Magazine Nelamar Piñeiro Venari Partners Gabriel Araujo Reuters Carolina Betancourt BioD Andrés Bianchi LATAM Peter Cerdá ALTA