Quality of service - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Quality of service VINCI Airports capitalises on the strength of its network and its experience in services for travellers to enhance the passenger experience in its airports. Passengers: the first priority for VINCI Airports For VINCI Airports, airports are places for living designed specifically for passengers. This client-centric approach can be seen in every one of the company’s activity sectors: from renovation of infrastructure to ensure a more fluid passenger pathway to modernisation of furniture and signage for greater comfort and easier orientation, and including organisation of leisure and retail spaces to offer passengers a smooth, seamless experience. More than a simple stop-off to catch a plane, time spent in an airport in the VINCI Airports network should offer passengers the opportunity to live a unique experience in a well-designed, pleasant and relaxing environment. To enhance the passenger experience, our teams work with our industrial partners and innovators to optimize flows. We also enrich the passenger experience with a variety of services that reflect the heritage and culture of the regions in which we operate. “VINCI Airports uses innovation to improve the passenger experience and flow management” Anne LE BOUR Chief Communication and Innovation Officer of VINCI Concessions & VINCI Airports Continuous improvement inspired by a customer-centric approach The airports in the VINCI Airports network are engaged in a process of continuous progress that makes the customer their number one priority. VINCI Airports implements this approach by organising regular satisfaction surveys to measure the quality of its services, but also by striving to improve it every day by exploring new ideas. To best meet its passengers’ needs, VINCI Airports has defined different ranges of modular equipment (signage, furniture, etc.), which the different airports can adapt and install according to the needs of their clientele, the local context and their investment plan. To respond to passengers’ expectations, VINCI Airports acts at various levels: relations with the airline companies, to open or boost lines as a function of current or potential demand; collaboration with partner retail operators to offer a range of services and shops adapted to all customer categories; optimisation of flows during infrastructure works to minimise waiting times and maximise passengers’ free time in the air terminal; global improvement of the passenger experience in the terminals, through constant attention to the comfort of the furniture, the accessibility of services and signage clarity. VINCI Airports was the first operator in the world to offer free WiFi in its airports At London Gatwick, passengers can use self-service check-in kiosks, then drop off their baggage at the baggage drop-off facility. To increase the level of security, without slowing down the process for passengers, several airports in the network have begun to deploy the latest generation of security equipment. With its 4-star rating, Lyon-Saint Exupéry airport has made significant progress in the Skytrax rankings for 2023, while Osaka, Porto, Madeira and Puerto Plata airports have won awards for their quality of service. VINCI Airports has launched a new biometric solution for passengers in Portugal. We want ALL our passengers to have a simple, pleasant and safe experience. They can call on our special assistance services and benefit from our range of accessible facilities and services to accompany them on their journey. Précédent Suivant