Nantes Atlantique Airport - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Nantes Atlantique Airport Member of the VINCI Airports network since 2011, Nantes Atlantique Airport, the leading airport in Western France, serves over 90 direct destinations via 20 scheduled airlines, including 4 based carriers, and is connected to the main international hubs. Ten years after joining the VINCI Airports network, Nantes Atlantique has welcomed twice as many destinations (France, Europe, the Mediterranean basin, as well as Canada, the Middle East, Africa and the Caribbean), and twice as many tourists, benefiting the local economy. The airport is also served by twice as many airlines, promoting regional connectivity and the democratization of air transport, and has gone from one to four companies based there, benefiting local jobs. According to the latest Utopies study (conducted in 2020 based on 2019 data), the airport’s activities generate over 3,000 direct jobs, support 13,250 jobs in Loire-Atlantique, and contribute €0.9 billion to the regional GDP, including €744 million in Loire-Atlantique. In 2022, the airport was awarded the S3A label for its efforts to welcome people with physical and mental disabilities. Nantes Atlantique has also obtained ISO 9001 international certification standards for its quality management. Certified in 2024 as “level 4” of the ACA (Airport Carbon Accreditation) and ISO 14001, Nantes Atlantique airport is developing within its territory by committing to reducing the environmental impact of its activity with the objective in particular to achieve “zero net emissions from its direct activities” by 2030. To reach ACA 4, the airport reduced its CO₂ emissions by nearly 50% between 2019 and 2025. One of the key initiatives was the electrification of the tarmac: co-financed for €15 million, this project includes 12 electrified aircraft stands and 100 electric vehicle charging points, resulting in an annual reduction of 2,400 tonnes of CO₂. In 2025, the airport is unveiling a fully renovated and diversified commercial offering, with 16 modernized retail outlets and new brands, enhancing the passenger experience. A fast-track service and continuous assistance for passengers with reduced mobility (PRM) further improve passenger comfort and the airport’s overall accessibility. Airport website Follow the airport Concessionary entity Aéroports du Grand Ouest Holding 85% VINCI Airports ; 10% CCI Nantes Saint-Nazaire ; 5% ETPO Concession length 55 years Concession length 2025 IATA Code NTE Runway length 2 900 meters 7.1M passengers in 2025 +90 destinations ACA 4 environmental certification 20 airlines Aegean Airlines Aer Lingus Air France Air Nostrum Air Transat Corsair EasyJet Iberia Air Montenegro KLM Nouvel Air Royal Air Maroc Ryanair Sky Express Lufthansa SWISS Tassili Airlines Transavia Volotea Vueling 12 restaurants & cafés Les Brassés Pokawa Prêt à manger (x4) Big Fernand Ker Juliette Starbucks (x2) La Brioche Dorée (x2) 4 stores Boutique Aelia Duty Free Relay / Monop’daily (x3) Other airports in France Lyon Bron Airport Learn more Saint-Nazaire Montoir Airport Learn more Dinard Bretagne Airport Learn more All our other airports