Cookies - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Cookies What are cookies? This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them, the types of cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that information is used, and how to manage the cookie settings. Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of information. They are stored on your device when the website is loaded on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly, make it more secure, provide better user experience, and understand how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs improvement. How do we use cookies? As most of the online services, our website uses first-party and third-party cookies for several purposes. First-party cookies are mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not collect any of your personally identifiable data. The third-party cookies used on our website are mainly for understanding how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up your future interactions with our website. Necessary Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie Duration Description rc::a Never Expires This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. rc::c session This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. cookietest session The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. cookieyes-consent 1 year CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. didomi_token 6 months This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie Duration Description yt-remote-device-id Never Expires YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Never Expires The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. yt-remote-connected-devices Never Expires YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. yt-remote-session-app session The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. yt-remote-cast-installed session The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. yt-remote-session-name session The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. yt-remote-cast-available session The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. yt-remote-fast-check-period session The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. wp-wpml_current_language session WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie Duration Description _pk_id.* 1 year 1 month Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. _pk_ses.* 1 hour Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie Duration Description INGRESSCOOKIE session This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie Duration Description YSC session Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE 6 months YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA 6 months YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN 6 months Description is currently not available. __Secure-YEC past Description is currently not available. __Secure-YNID 6 months Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie Duration Description wpub-endurance-prod-sid session Description is currently not available. Manage cookie preferences You can change your cookie preferences any time by clicking on this button. This will let you revisit the cookie consent banner and change your preferences or withdraw your consent right away. In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser to block/delete the cookies. Listed below are the links to the support documents on how to manage and delete cookies from the major web browsers. Chrome : https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050 Safari : https://support.apple.com/fr-fr/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac Firefox : https://support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/effacer-cookies-donnees-site-firefox?redirectslug=delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored&redirectlocale=en-US Internet Explorer : https://support.microsoft.com/fr-fr/topic/comment-supprimer-des-fichiers-cookies-dans-internet-explorer-bca9446f-d873-78de-77ba-d42645fa52fc Si vous utilisez un autre navigateur web, veuillez consulter les documents d’assistance officiels de votre navigateur.