Las Américas Airport - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Las Américas Airport Located in Santo Domingo at 42 minutes (32.4 km) from the city centre and 17 minutes (11.8 km) from Boca Chica beach, Las Americas international airport is the main airport in the Dominican Republic. With an average annual growth rate of 5% over the past 10 years, the Dominican Republic features an attractive economy and forms a dynamic region. The country notably benefits from North American growth and the local authorities’ ambitious tourism expansion policy. In 2020, AERODOM became the company in the country with the largest solar energy production capacity, with 6.8 MW installed in the 6 airports operated by VINCI Airports since 2016. VINCI Airports also inaugurated the new freight terminal at Las Américas. At the end of 2023, the Government of the Dominican Republic granted VINCI Airports a 30-year extension of its current concession contract, originally scheduled for 2030. Under the new concession agreement – covering the period from 2030 to 2060 – VINCI Airports will be responsible for financing, operating, maintaining, expanding, and modernizing the airports covered by the concession. In particular, VINCI Airports will build and operate a new terminal at Santo Domingo Airport. This project, scheduled for completion in 2028, will increase the airport’s capacity by 4 million passengers per year and set a new benchmark for airport infrastructure in the Dominican Republic. ACA3 certification 5.3M passengers in 2025 60 destinations Airport website Follow the airport Concessionary entity Aeropuertos Dominicanos Siglo XXI (Aerodom) Holding 100% VINCI Airports End of contract (year) 2060 Concession length 60 years IATA Code SDQ Runway length 3 354 meters 43 airlines Aeromexico AeroSucre Air Caraibes Air Cargo Carriers American Airlines Air Europa Amerijet Arajet Avianca Avianca Cargo Avior Airlines Cargojet Airways Condor Copa Airlines Copa Cargo Delta Airlines Domestic FBO Dom FBO Int FeDeX Frontier Airlines Global Crossing Iberia InterCaribbean Airways Jetblue Airways Laser Latam Cargo Northern Air Cargo Plus Ultra Red Air Rutaca Airlines Sky Cana Sky High Spirit Airlines SPL CGO SPL PAX Swiftair Turpial Airlines United Airlines UPS Wingo World Altantic World2Fly 26 restaurants and cafes Bar Macorix SDQ Black Coffe North Black Coffe South Buona Pizza A Buona Pizza B Burger King Café Santo Domingo Café Santo Domingo Atrio Carls JR Enrique Tomas Go Fresh A Go Fresh B Helados Bon Jade Teriyaki Krispy Kreme La Vendimia Mango SDQ Mangos Atrio Pizzarelli Quick Bites Rincon Caribeño Rincon Express Starbucks Super Fresh Market Tamashi UDON 20 stores Cabinet Tobacco North Cabinet Tobacco South Dufry - Fantasy Dufry - Galería Dufry - Garden Dufry - Hudson Mar y Sol Dufry - Hudson-Electric Dufry - Original Dufry - Prestige Dufry - Tropical Dufry - Welcome Dufry- Last Minute North EGO Gift Shop Dominican Experience Gift Shop Sol y Mar Miniso Norte Miniso Sur Tienda Lacoste Tienda Las Maracas Totto Travel Other airports in Dominican Republic Barahona Airport Learn more Arroyo Barril Airport Learn more La Isabela Airport Learn more Our other airports worldwide