Kansai International Airport - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Kansai International Airport Kansai airport is an international airport built on an artificial island in Osaka Bay, south of Osaka, Japan. With more than 34 million passengers in 2025, the airport is the gateway to the Kansai region, in the West of Japan. The airport provides one of the largest networks for both domestic and international routes with complete 24-hours operations. Driven by the dynamism of the tourism sector in Japan, the airport also benefits from the rise of low-cost airlines, of which it is the main platform in the region. In June 2021, the most important renovation work undertaken in the region for fifty years will begin: the extension and renovation of KIX’s Terminal 1, which will allow it to better accommodate the growth in the number of international travellers and to be the “first pavilion” of the Osaka 2025 World Expo. The new domestic area of Terminal 1, the first phase in the remodeling works of Kansai International Airport, was inaugurated in October 2022. The inauguration of the extended and renovated terminal at Kansai International Airport, the second phase of the renovation project, was celebrated in December 2023. The main airport functions were completed with the grand opening in March 2025, enabling KIX to accommodate future aviation demand. These modernization works aim to enhance the passenger experience as well as to increase the surface dedicated to international travel. The airport’s capacity of KIX has increased from 23 to 40 million international passengers, thanks to centralized functions for immigration of security. The new departure area provides a new walkthrough store and a new iconic plaza echoing the Kansai treasures. This new milestone puts KIX at the top of main Asian airports for its passenger experience with unmatched quality of its commercial offer. Airport website Follow the airport Concessionary entity Kansai Airports Holdings 40% VINCI Airports - 40% ORIX Corporation - 20% Other entities Concession length 44 years End of contract (year) 2060 IATA Code KIX Runways length 1 3 500 meters Runways length 2 4 000 meters ACA 4 environmental certification of the ACI 34.08M passengers in 2025 1st Café Dior in an airport 74 airlines AERO K Air Asia X Air Busan Air Canada Air China Air China Cargo Air France Air Hong Kong Air Macau Air Seoul ANA - All Nippon Airways Asiana Airlines Beijing Capital Airlines Cathay Pacific Cebu Pacific China Airlines China Cargo Airlines China Eastern Airlines China Postal Airlines China Southern Airlines China United Airlines Easter Jet Emirates Airline Etihad Airways EVA Air FedEx Express Finnair Greater Bay Airlines Hainan Airlines Hawaiian Airlines Hebei Airlines Hong Kong Airlines Japan Airlines Japan Transocean Air Jeju Air Jetstar Asia Airways Jetstar Airways Jetstar Japan Jin Air Juneyao Airlines KLM Korean Air Loong Air Lufthansa Malaysia Airlines MIAT Mongolian Airlines Peach Philippine Airlines Philippines Air Asia Qindao Airlines Qatar Airways Scoot Tigerair SF Airlines Shandong Airlines Shanghai Airlines Shenzhen Airlines Sichuan Airline Singapore Airlines Spring Airlines Star Flyer Starlux T'way Air Thai AirAsia X Thai Airways International Thai Viet Jet Tianjin Airlines Tigerair Taiwan Turkish Airlines United Airlines United Parcel Service UPS VietJet Vietnam Airlines Xiamen Air 50 restaurants et cafes ☆Soup 551horai BOTEJYU®1946 Cafe ＆ Bar WA SAKURA Café DIOR by Anne-Sophie Pic COCO'S Airport Dining COLOSSEO DOTONBORIKAMUKURA Doutor Coffee Shop È PRONTO ESPRESSO & BAKERY GENKI SHOUTEN Hanazato Homemade udon KINEYA MUGIMARU Icho IL BAR Japan Traveling Restaurant® by BOTEJYU® Kanekohannosuke KIEFEL KIX BEER LE PAN Kobe Kitano maidoookinishokudo kankushokudo McDonald's MENSHO MUSUBIYA HINONE MIZUNONE NAKAU nana's green tea NIPPON NO SHOKUDO Olive Hill OnigiriBurger Osaka Gochi Shokudou OSAKA TENMA SUSHI NISHIYA PRONTO PRONTO KIX Terminal 1 Ryu-ka Seian toushomen San Marco Curry SEGAFREDO CAFFE SOJIBO SORATERIA ST.MARC CAFE＋R STARBUCKS COFFEE 1F South Shop STARBUCKS COFFEE 2F South Shop SUKIYA SUSHI OTAKU TAKOMASA The Brasserie Toh-Lee TONKATSU WAKO KEITEI Tsukiji Magoemon ZETTERIA 50 stores AAS HOBBY SHOP Anime hunt BVLGARI CANADIAN MORNING & TOKO CHANEL CHAUMET Cocokara Fine (X4) Daily SKY DIOR Family Mart (X3) GACHA MATSURI gowell select GUCCI HERMÈS IPPINSAN。 IPPINSAN。Marché Japan Tech Kansai Tabinikki (X3) KIX DUTY FREE (X6) LAWSON (X5) Louis Vuitton MIKIHOUSE PRADA SOUVENIR KANSAI TABINIKKI (X2) TASAKI TASTE OF JAPAN KANSAI TABINIKKI (X2) TRK Duty Free Shop (X2) Other airports in Japan Osaka Itami Airport Learn more Kobe Airport Learn more All our other airports