Belgrade Airport - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Belgrade Airport On 22 March 2018, VINCI Airports signed a 25-year concession contract with the Government of Serbia covering Belgrade Nikola Tesla airport financing operations, maintenance, extension and reconstruction with an investment plan of more than €730 million over the course of the concession period. Belgrade Airport is an international airport and the largest and the busiest airport in Serbia, situated 18 km west of downtown Belgrade. In 2025, more than 8.91M passengers were welcomed at Belgrade Airport. 8.91M passengers in 2025 115 destinations ACA3 certification The project goals Improved infrastructure, capacity, commercial offers, comfort, customer experience and service quality Increase of passengers to 15 million by the end of concession Introducing sustainable and environment friendly business operations, in line with VINCI’s worldwide practice Belgrade airport as the hub for Southeast Europe – driving economic and touristic development of Serbia connecting it further to the rest of the world Major works The majority of the construction works were completed in 2023 and have increased airport capacity, comfort and overall experience for passengers and all users. Major works include: Modernization and extension of the passenger terminal with 40.000m² expansion 12 new gates First deep reconstruction of the main runway after more than 60 years (2024) and new, second, 3.5km runway with additional taxiways which will remain in use 11 additional aircraft parking stands New de-icing pad New car parks and access roads 9.000m² expansion and redesigned commercial area with a mix of local flavours and international brands Innovations introduced Centralized security centralization of security control instead of waiting in front of gates enabling open space boarding gate concept 2nd floor (roof corridor) – separation of the departing and arriving passengers by levels Travellators to ease and speed up the passenger’s movement Ahead of summer season 2024 capacity has been increased at key points of passenger flows, such as flight check-in counters, passport and security controls, the baggage management system has been improved, and a new, main duty-free store, three times larger than the previous one, has been opened. Increased capacity 2019 vs 2024: Terminal m2: 54,315 vs 93,651 – +39,300 m2 No of gates: 19 vs 31 – +12 Aircraft parking stands: 27 vs 38 – +11 Parking spaces: 1,239 vs 2,880 – +1,641 Check in counters: 61 vs 90 – +29 Passport control counters: 20 vs 29 – +9 Commercial area m2: 4,996 vs close to 9,000 (in progress) – +4,000 m2 Environment Thanks to commitment to VINCI Airports’s global policy which aims for net zero CO2 emissions by 2050, sustainable operations and the construction of new eco – friendly facilities, the airport has reduced its CO2 emissions by 23% since 2019, increased its waste recycling rate to 70%, and is effectively treating sanitary wastewater generated at the airport. These initiatives make Belgrade Airport unique in Serbia. The airport has ACI Airport Carbon Accreditation Level 3 certificate. New heating plant State-of-the-art tri-generation technology and a total heat capacity of 44 MW It minimizes environmental impact by using less polluting energy sources and transiting from heavy fuels to natural gas. The expected reduction of CO2 is about 25%, corresponding to reduction of emissions of 3,000 tons of carbon dioxide. 1MWp solar power plant Photovoltaic solar system with 3,000 modules is located on a surface area of 15,900 m2 Electricity for airport complex from renewable sources, approx. 1,130,000 kWh of green electricity per year (comparable to the annual consumption of 430 households) The expected reduction of CO2 is about 10% LED lightning Introduced in the terminal and new parking areas 140 LED lighting poles installed using solar energy, not requiring conventional electrical power from the grid According to initial projections, solar lighting will reduce the emission of harmful gases by 67,600 kg per year. Solid waste sorting plants Two facilities intended for the separation of waste generated in the wider airport complex and aircraft waste. Increased rate of recycled waste from 5% in 2019 to 70% in 2023, aligning with VINCI Group’s goal of zero waste to landfill by 2030. Routes: 72 in 2019 vs 116 in 2024 New 83 routes compared to 2019 New 46 destinations compared to 2019 Airport website Follow the airport Concessionary entity VINCI Airports Holding 100% VINCI Airports End of contract (year) 2045 Concession length 25 years Code IATA BEG 26 airlines Aegean Airlines Air Baltic Air Cairo Air Montenegro Air Serbia Arkia Israeli Airlines Austrian Airlines EasyJet Switzerland Eurowings Fly Dubai Hainan Airlines Jazeera Airways KLM Royal Dutch Airlines LOT Polish Airlines Lufthansa Luxair Norwegian Air Shuttle Nouvelair Tunisie Pegasus Airlines Qatar Airways Swiss International Air Lines Tarom Wizz Air Wizz Air Abu Dhabi Wizz Air UK 27 stores Hudson News (x2) Маin duty free shop Hudson duty free shop Hleb i kifle (x2) bakery shops ComputerLand gaming shop Kafeterija (x2) coffee shops Pandora duty paid fashion shop Maruška homecraft shop Bookstore Službeni glasnik Službeni glasnik bookstore Lilly Drogerie Pharmacy All our other airports