Lyon Bron Airport - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Lyon Bron Airport Lyon Bron is France’s 3rd largest airport for business aviation. Located in the immediate vicinity of the city center, Lyon-Bron airport offers access to more than 2,000 European and transatlantic destinations, including those not served by regular airlines. Open 24 hours a day, it is dedicated to handling business aviation flights. It is also perfectly suited to handle medical flights (evacuations, organ transport). In 2020, PAN Européenne has newly established itself on LYN, in addition to the 5 airlines already based there (OYONNAIR / HARMONY Aircraft Air services / JETCORP / Mont Blanc Hélicoptères). The different types of aircraft operated by these companies based at the airport (small/medium jets, helicopters) are adapted to the needs of passengers for short-haul, domestic and near Europe flights. It is also possible to charter aircraft not based at the airport for all types of flights from Lyon-Bron. Lyon-Bron Airport’s facilities are designed to meet the needs of business aviation and offer speed and privacy to passengers using them. Business aviation offers an efficient, fast and safe alternative for all business trips. The flexibility of this transport model, which is handled at Lyon-Bron Airport, enabled us to operate more than 150 medical flights during the Covid 19 crisis, transporting caregivers or patients to other regions. The agility of the business aviation operated at Lyon-Bron should also be highlighted. In 2020, business flights helped offset the instability of commercial aviation. In 2023, Lyon-Bron airport will welcome the first 100% electric plane. An aircraft to reduce CO2 emissions and noise pollution, made available to flight schools at Bron airport. As part of VINCI Airports’ strategy to achieve net zero emissions with sequestration of its residual emissions for its European airports by 2030, Lyon-Bron airport has committed to reducing its direct carbon emissions by 50%. CO2* by 2025 (compared to 2018). Airport website Follow the airport Concessionary entity Aéroports de Lyon Holdings 60% Consortium ADL Participations (VINCI Airports, Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations, Crédit Agricole) - 25% CCI Lyon - 7% Métropole de Lyon - 3% Conseil Départemental - 5% Région Auvergne – Rhône Alpes Concession length 31 years End of contract (year) 2047 IATA Code LYN Runway length 1 820 meters ACA 4+ certification 3rd French airport +2000 destinations Other airports in France Saint-Nazaire Montoir Airport Learn more Dinard Bretagne Airport Learn more Chambéry Savoie Mont Blanc Airport Learn more All our other airports