Optimising resources thanks to circular economy - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Optimising resources thanks to circular economy In line with VINCI Concessions approach, VINCI Airports has chosen to link up with the circular economies put in place throughout the VINCI Group. The aim is to minimise the carbon footprint of our operations by limiting the volume of raw materials extracted and more systematically reusing and recycling materials. We integrate a growing proportion of recycled materials in all the projects we manage. This principle also guides our action during the operation phase, as we have implemented an ambitious waste management policy. Taking action on the field To achieve this goal, we take action upstream to reduce the amount of waste we generate at source and anticipate how we can recycle it. Reuse or recycle our waste: objective of 0 waste to landfill by 2030 Despite significant differences in the way, recycling systems are regulated in the different countries where it operates, VINCI Airports has set a unified goal for its entire network: to send zero waste to landfill by 2030. We are working with our subcontractors to eliminate single-use plastics in our stores and restaurants. We also actively engage the public in our efforts, for example, by installing selective waste bins or implementing other innovative initiatives. For example, at Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport, we have implemented a program to replace single-use plastics with reusable containers, while in Costa Rica, a waste collection campaign on the beaches near the airport is in full swing. Downstream, we systematically recycle and reuse our waste, even when local channels are not sufficiently developed or do not exist. VINCI Airports has built several world-class sorting centers in Salvador, Brazil, and the Dominican Republic, and has established inclusive innovation programs in Cambodia to integrate waste pickers into their waste management chain. 67% of recovered waste 32% of waste recycled 0 waste to landfill by 2030 For us, the circular economy has a strong social dimension Salvador Bahia International Airport has been recognized by Brazil’s National Civil Aviation Agency (ANAC) as “Brazil’s most sustainable aerodrome in 2019”. Salvador Bahia, Brazil’s first airport to produce zero liquid effluents with 100% of treated wastewater recycled in toilets and for the air-cooling towers, is contributing to the rise of the circular economy. In Cambodia, to achieve the global objective of sending zero waste to the landfill, our teams are deploying a series of inspiring and easy to copy measures: re-using or extend the life of equipment, separating the waste categories at the source to facilitate the recovery of recyclable materials and the development of inclusive innovation programs to integrate waste pickers in their waste management chain. => -25kt unrecycled waste per year in 2030 => -18ktCO 2 e per year in 2030 In Cambodia, our teams sort and recycle waste directly on site in order to reduce non-recycled waste and integrate waste pickers into the management chain. News Planet - 4 February 2026 Nantes Atlantique: new electrical infrastructure commissioned to decarbonise ground operations Read more Planet - 11 December 2025 Salvador Bahia airport becomes Brazil’s first to supply commercial flights with SAF Read more Planet - 13 November 2025 VINCI Airports sets a historic milestone during the COP 30: Salvador Bahia becomes the first ACA 5 certified airport in the Americas Read more