Boa Vista Airport - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Boa Vista Airport Boa Vista International Airport integrated VINCI Airports network in February 2022 under a 30-year concession contract awarded by the Brazilian Civil Aviation Authority in April 2021. Located about 3.5 km from the centre of Boa Vista, it is the main airport in the Roraima region in northern Brazil. It has a 2,700m runway, two boarding bridges and five parking positions, as well as hangars and a cargo terminal. Located around 3.5 km from Boa Vista city centre, it is the main airport in the Roraima region of northern Brazil. It has a 2,700 m runway, two boarding bridges and five parking positions, as well as hangars and a cargo terminal. In 2023, the National Civil Aviation Agency (Anac) recognised Boa Vista airport as one of the most sustainable in Brazil, in the category of airports handling up to one million passengers. The airport was tied with Porto Velho airport, also operated by VINCI Airports. At the end of 2024, VINCI Airports completed modernisation works at seven airports in Brazil’s northern region, consolidating the improvements made to airport infrastructure in the Amazon region. This major works programme is part of the commitment made by VINCI Airports when it acquired the Amazon airports in 2021. A total of 1.4 billion reais worth of works have been carried out at the airports of Manaus (AM), Tefé (AM), Tabatinga (AM), Porto Velho (RO), Boa Vista (RR), Rio Branco (AC) and Cruzeiro do Sul (AC), to improve safety, accessibility, comfort and operational efficiency. These improvements offer a better passenger experience and stimulate local economic development by strengthening air links between the Amazon, Brazil and the rest of the world. Work to modernise and expand Boa Vista airport began in April 2023 and was completed in October 2024, definitively resolving the problem of insufficient runways and improving the infrastructure to accommodate growing passenger numbers. The main improvements include the expansion of the departure lounge, the arrivals hall, the baggage reclaim area and the food court, which has been completely modernised. The new area covers 375 m² (more than double the previous structure) and includes new public toilets, including facilities for disabled people and families, inspection areas for agencies such as Anvisa and Vigiagro, passport control, customs and baggage carousels. In addition, 12 new check-in counters equipped with automatic carousels have been opened for greater operational security and better baggage handling. The baggage carousels are larger, offering passengers greater comfort. Airport website Follow the airport Concession duration 30 years Concession length 2051 Holdings VINCI Airports 100% IATA Code BVB Passengers traffic (2025) 406K Other airports in Brazil Salvador Bahia Airport Learn more Manaus Airport Learn more Rio Branco Airport Learn more Our other airports worldwide