Extra-aeronautical activities - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Extra-aeronautical activities VINCI Airports’ expertise in developing extra-aeronautical activities improves the passenger experience, boosts revenues and helps make time spent at the airport an enjoyable part of the journey Unlocking each airport's full potential Extra-aeronautical activities, i.e. sale of goods to travellers, commercial food and beverage outlets, car rental, car park management, etc., are crucial to the economic viability of the infrastructure, and can generate more than half of revenue in the big privatised airports. VINCI Airports unlocks their growth potential by fine-tuning the range of services offered, alongside its commercial partners, while at the same time working on reconfiguration of passenger flows and optimisation of operations. The objective: to ensure that the development of retail outlets feeds through to a better and more fluid travel experience for passengers. “By highlighting cultural and culinary particularities, making the airport an oasis of calm and enhancing the passenger experience, we are seeking to restore a sense of adventure to our airports ” Pierre ABIGNANO Commercial Director, VINCI Airports 750 stores and restaurants in the VINCI Airports network 58,000 parking spaces 1,700 hotel rooms A rigorously selective commercial offer VINCI Airports strives to offer a range of shops and services that fits each individual airport, whatever its size and positioning. In airports serving tourist destinations, the extra-aeronautical teams encourage an offer showcasing the local culture and atmosphere, making the airport a display window for the country and making passengers want to spend time there. VINCI Airports also helps commercial partners to optimise their sales, for instance by providing traffic data to enable offers to be more readily matched to the expectations of various passenger segments. New retail areas at the Lisbon airport give pride of place to local Portuguese products. Partnering with stores to ensure 100% visibility VINCI Airports’ objective: to provide 100% visibility for 100% of the offer. VINCI Airports’ extra-aeronautical teams make sure that the airports in the network provide an ideal environment for optimising store performance. This expertise is particularly evident in terminal renovations, with the goal of maximising the visibility of commercial offers while taking operational requirements into account. Passenger flows are reconfigured to provide more fluid pathways and shops and services located near the waiting areas, to make them more accessible. Completely renovated, the new atrium at Santo Domingo airport offers a rich and diverse range of shops and restaurants. In Japan, the KIX airport terminal offers a retail experience of the highest standards, welcoming luxury brands and showcasing the Kansai identity. The new commercial zone at Belgrade Nikola Tesla airport, Serbia. Précédent Suivant Improving the passenger experience Reconfiguring flows and operations contributes to a global enhancement of the passenger experience. VINCI Airports believes that growth in extra-aeronautical revenues can be harmoniously combined with optimisation of operations to produce better quality of service for passengers. Drawing on its global operator model, VINCI Airports has the expertise needed to work simultaneously on both these aspects of airport operation, by using its knowledge of the customer pathway to ensure an optimised commercial experience. To strengthen this expertise, VINCI Airports and Aer Rianta International (ARI) have created Portugal Duty Free in 2022. This partnership take over the operation of the eight duty free stores in the airports of Lisbon, Porto, Faro, Madeira (Madeira and Porto Santo) and the Azores (Ponta Delgada, Santa Maria and Horta). The stores will be renovated in line with VINCI Airports’ and ARI’s strategy and will each have its own identity, reflecting the local landscape and culture, in order to create a tailored experience for passengers.