Prime contractor services and design - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Prime contractor services and design Drawing on an integrated model of concession holder, operator and investor, VINCI Airports has unique expertise in airport project management. The global vision of a concession holder, project manager and operator One of the main levers VINCI Airports uses to boost growth and create value for its clients and their regions is to invest for the long term in the airports entrusted to it. Steering investment is an important lever in management of airport platforms. As a company within the VINCI group , with operational expertise as operator, VINCI Airports has very close knowledge of operating constraints, enabling it to establish an open-ended strategy as a function of traffic and thereby effectively manage its infrastructure. VINCI Airports is a demanding project owner equipped with state-of-the-art analysis, planning, and lifecycle management tools. These tools enable the company to construct optimal, scalable, and resilient investment scenarios. These tools enable a holistic vision of airport platforms, delivering infrastructure that meets the highest operational and environmental standards and anticipates future challenges. With a €730 million investment plan, VINCI Airports has transformed Belgrade airport into a future sustainable hub for Eastern Europe in just 5 years. Anticipating needs to invest in the right place at the right time Thanks to its day-to-day experience in operating a network of airports of all sizes and with very different characteristics (seasonal tourist traffic, scheduled and non-scheduled traffic, business clientele, etc.), VINCI Airports has access to a huge volume of data enabling it to anticipate accurately the short-, medium- and long-term needs of any infrastructure. As part of the VINCI group, VINCI Airports leverages the synergies of its combined role of concession holder, operator and project manager to anticipate and optimise investments to modernise and expand infrastructure. Thanks to the use of advanced planning tools (Master Plans) and tools for managing infrastructure life cycle, such as BIM (Building Information Modelling), VINCI Airports teams can build open-ended investment scenarios. These key tools, which respond to the needs of all players, make it possible to prioritise projects and define airport size and capacity. In Portugal, VINCI Airports is investing to modernize Lisbon airport (3D view) Controlling all aspects of the worksite Finding the perfect balance between operational needs and economic constraints requires mastering all aspects of the project. VINCI Airports has several levers to ensure the successful construction and delivery of a project in line with the highest standards of quality and safety. Our teams take on roles in supervising the design and construction, as well as managing project modifications in constant technical communication with the concessionaire. VINCI Airports can also rely on its position as leader to help optimise purchasing through negotiations with specialised equipment suppliers. The different completed and ongoing works on platforms in the VINCI Airports network make it possible to add to this differentiating know-how on a daily basis. ​As a VINCI Group company, VINCI Airports can also call upon specific resources, for example, for large construction projects, in addition to its own expertise in design and project management. This is the case, for example, at Santiago International Airport in Chile, where VINCI Airports leverages all its project management know-how alongside a construction consortium led by VINCI Construction Grands Projets. The five-year expansion project for Latin America's 6th-largest airport will increase its capacity from 16 to 38 million passengers per year Santiago airport's international terminal (T2) has opted for automated technologies to improve passenger documentation processes. The 5-year modernization, improvement and expansion of Santiago airport covers a total surface area of 455,000 m², including 248,000 m² for the new international terminal inaugurated at the end of February 2022 Précédent Suivant A focus on specifics for better adaptation Although airport operation standards correspond to international norms, each airport and each region is unique, with its own culture, challenges and operating characteristics. To take these specifics into account, VINCI Airports adapts the design of each of its projects and defines the level of complexity of its equipment and facilities, while respecting a given operational and financial framework. How many runways should the airport have? What size should the terminal be? How many passenger registration desks are required? VINCI Airports works with each client to define the size of the installations. This “functional brief” process allows VINCI Airports to achieve its objective: to build infrastructure that is perfectly adapted to the particularities of each airport. 40 million passengers: the new capacity of Kansai International Airport after the modernization work carried out by VINCI Airports and its partners