Osaka Itami Airport - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Osaka Itami Airport Opened in 1939, Osaka airport is an urban-type airport offering high convenience with its well-developed domestic network. Gateway to the Kansai region and to Kobe, Osaka and Kyoto, the airport handled 16.17 million passengers in 2025, thanks to the dynamism of tourism in Japan. Osaka Itami is one of the country’s most important airports. Built in an area susceptible to natural disasters, the aviation hub requires VINCI Airports’ international technical expertise and practical experience. At the same time, the success of local tourism means that air traffic in the region continues to rise. In 2020, VINCI Airports is confirming its long-term commitment to Japan alongside its Japanese partner Orix with the completion of the renovation project at Osaka Itami Airport. In 2023, the Punctuality League 2023 report by OAG, named Osaka Itami as the world’s most punctual airport in 2022. This is the fourth time the airport has received this award since joining the VINCI Airports network. In 2024, Osaka ITAMI Airport was ranked at world’s first place in “The on-time performance review 2023″ for the Medium Airport category by CIRIUM. 16.17M passengers in 2025 138K movements 26 destinations Airport website Follow the airport Concessionary entity 40% VINCI Airports - 40% ORIX Corporation - 20% Other entities Concession length 44 years End of contract 2060 IATA Code ITM Runway length 1 1 828 meters Runway length 2 3 000 meters 4 airlines All Nippon Airways Amakusa Airlines IBEX Airlines Japan Airlines 34 restaurants and cafes & COFFEE MAISON KAYSER 551 Horai South Terminal 551HORAI Bar・cafe Massa DAN-MEN DEAN＆DELUCA DIAMOND CURRY Dotonbori Kamukura Doutonbori Imai Ganko Katsukura Kyo Dashi Oinari Tsurigitsune LE PAN KOBE KITANO Lei can ting Lounge & Bar Grand Bleu Marufuku coffee Mimiu Mimiu Sora-aji NICK STOCK CAFÉ NORTH SHORE Osaka Airport winery Osaka Kuromon Market "Maguro Entoki" Osaka Okonomiyaki Seijuro Osaka Takoyaki Takobon Pepper Mill Sachifukuya café Sakai Ginshari Gekotei, STARBUCKS Sushi Uogashi Nihon-ich Takoya Dotonbori Kukuru Tennenhonmaguro Arisozushi Tsuruhashi Hakuundai Tully's COFFEE Ueshima Coffee Shop WP PIZZA BY WOLFGANG PUCK 33 stores 551 Horai ACTUS BørneLund Asobinosekai Henri Charpentier HMV＆BOOKS SPOT HYOGO&KANSAI INFORMATION IPPINSAN. IPPINSAN.Marche Itami Soramachi JAL PLAZA Kansai Tabinikki Kiyasu Sohonpo Kokumin Drug Lawson Satellite LUXURY FLIGHT MARUSHO Nakagawa Masashichi Shoten bunten tabi Namiyoshian Otabe Pâtisserie Moncher by Kansai Tabinikki pon pon × Chris.P Queensway GINZA BODY CARE／K.K.Cut QUOLOFUNE Qurofune, RESH. SAC'S BAR Shoe Repair Shop RESH. SORADELI SORAMISE Syokokuya Tabi・SORA TABITUS+ Toyooka bag Uncle Rikuro's store YOSHIMOTO ENTAME SHOP Other airports in Japan Kobe Airport Learn more Kansai International Airport Learn more All our other airports