About us - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by About US As the world’s leading private airport operator and subsidiary of VINCI Concessions, VINCI Airports manages more than 70 airports in 14 countries. With its expertise as a global integrator, VINCI Airports develops, finances, builds and operates airports, providing its investment capacity and know-how in optimising operational performance, modernising infrastructure and managing their environmental transition. "As a trusted, long-term partner, we create lasting value for regions." Nicolas Notebaert Chief Executive Officer of Concessions at VINCI & Chairman of VINCI Airports and VINCI Autoroutes Discover VINCI Airports Play video VINCI Airports 2026 corporate vidéo Our ambition and expertises Mobility plays an essential role in the prosperity, attractiveness and future of territories. Aware of this responsibility, we put our expertise in anticipation, financing and operation at the service of the territories which entrust us with their airports under concession. Our ambition: to maximize the potential of these infrastructures, in a dynamic of sustainable growth and ecological transition, and to create long-term value for the territories and their inhabitants. VINCI Airports manages and develops airports: our teams exercise all the field skills necessary to design and operate platforms around the world on a daily basis. Prime contractor services and design Learn more Air connectivity Learn more Extra-aeronautical activities Learn more Quality of service Learn more Discover our expertises Governance The VINCI Airports management committee has 10 members who every day share their expertise and vision to build a major and international Group. NICOLAS NOTEBAERT Chief Executive Officer of Concessions at VINCI, and President of VINCI Airports, VINCI Autoroutes and VINCI Stadium. RÉMI MAUMON DE LONGEVIALLE Chief Executive Officer of VINCI Airports JÉRÔME HAVARD Chief Financial Officer of VINCI Airports ALVARO LEITE Chief Commercial Officer of VINCI Airports BENOÎT FOREST Director of Operations & Data at VINCI Airports FRÉDÉRIQUE BARTHÉLEMY Director of Communications at VINCI Airports ADRIENN TOUSSAINT Human Resources Director at VINCI Airports EMMANUEL MENANTEAU Area Director for United States, Northern and Eastern Europe and South-East Asia VALERIE VESQUE-JEANCARD Managing Director of VINCI Airports (France, Chile and Dominican Republic), and President of VINCI Railways THIERRY LIGONNIÈRE Portugal, Brazil & Cabo Verde Director STEWART WINGATE VINCI Airports Managing Director for United Kingdom