Monterrey Airport - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Monterrey Airport Monterrey International Airport, also known as General Mariano Escobedo International Airport, is a domestic and international airport serving the city of Monterrey. It is the second largest city in Mexico, the capital of the state of Nuevo León and the industrial capital of the country. The city of Monterrey has a population of 1.1 million. Monterrey airport is the busiest in northern Mexico and the fourth busiest in the country. It accounts for almost half of OMA’s passenger traffic. In December 2022, VINCI Airports finalised the purchase from Fintech of a 29.99% stake in OMA (‘Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte’), thus becoming the largest shareholder in the Mexican airport group. This transaction follows the signature of an agreement with the previous shareholder in July 2022. With this acquisition of a stake in a company whose concession has a residual term of 25 years, VINCI Airports is gaining a foothold in Mexico and, as the largest shareholder, will contribute to the operation of thirteen airports in this country with strong growth potential. At the beginning of 2023, Monterrey airport and all of OMA’s Mexican airports received their first ACA accreditation. In 2024, VINCI Airports inaugurated the first phase of the terminal extension works at Monterrey International Airport. Designed by OMA teams with technical support from VINCI Airports, this programme will offer all travellers a fluid and attractive experience, thanks to the following facilities: 70 self-service boarding counters and kiosks for passenger check-in and baggage drop-off; 10 000 m² of retail space at the heart of the terminal; A new-generation system for more efficient security checks on departing passengers; An integrated, automated baggage handling system; Two new piers with additional waiting areas and boarding gates; Renovated and enlarged baggage reclaim areas for domestic and international flights Monterrey International Airport will thus consolidate its position as the leading hub for connecting flights in northern Mexico, with 41 domestic and 17 international routes operated by 8 Mexican and 5 international airlines. Since acquiring its stake in 2022, VINCI Airports has been supporting OMA’s ambitious investment programme to extend and renovate its network of 13 airports. Launched in 2021, this programme is worth a total of more than €800 million. Airport website Follow the airport Holding 29,99 % VINCI Airports End of contract (year) 2048 IATA Code MTY 15.76M passengers in 2025 14 airlines 17 restaurants Other airports in Mexico San Luis Potosí Airport Learn more Acapulco Airport Learn more Culiacán Airport Learn more All our other airports