Toulon Hyères Airport - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Toulon Hyères Airport Toulon Hyères Airport is one of two French airports used for both civil and military purposes, offering up to four daily flights to Paris Orly, three regular services to Brest, as well as a number of seasonal routes. The airport stands out for: The quality of its facilities and its expertise, offering passengers a seamless experience thanks to the modernisation works completed in 2020. Its strategic location in the heart of the Var, France’s second most popular tourist department after Paris, halfway between Provence and the Côte d’Azur. In 2020, VINCI Airports completed the most significant modernisation works at the airport since its creation in 1967. These improvements included the refurbishment of both runways and taxiways, the upgrading of aeronautical lighting, and compliance with water legislation. Between 2018 and 2022, Toulon Hyères Airport reduced its CO₂ emissions by more than 90 per cent. This was made possible by replacing oil-fired boilers with heat pumps, the use of electric or biofuel-powered ground support vehicles, signing up to a contract for electricity from renewable sources, switching to LED lighting for the terminal and the aircraft apron, and adopting an energy-saving policy (motion sensors, temperature control, etc.). Toulon Hyères airport is the first French commercial airport to have achieved net-zero emissions certification for its direct operations. It ranks among the ten most advanced airports in the world in terms of decarbonisation. At COP 28, it received the highest accolade from the ACI (Airports Council International) programme: Level 5 Airport Carbon Accreditation (ACA 5). ACA5 certification 7 destinations 236K passengers in 2025 Airport website Follow the airport Concessionary entity VINCI Airports Holding 100% VINCI Airports Concession length 25 years End of contract (year) 2040 IATA Code TLN Runways length 1 2 120 meters Runways length 2 1 902 meters 7 destinations Lille (France) London City Nantes (France) Rotterdam Brest (France) Paris Orly Luxembourg 4 airlines Volotea British Airways Cityflyer Transavia Luxair 2 restaurants 2 stores Other airports in France Lyon Bron Airport Learn more Saint-Nazaire Montoir Airport Learn more Dinard Bretagne Airport Learn more Découvrir tous nos autres aéroports