Our commitments - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Making the environmental transition a success Working closely with the local authorities, VINCI Airports has set all the airports in its network on a path of environmental transition, the first effects of which are already visible. Our objectives VINCI Airports today reaffirms its desire to become the environmental benchmark in the airport sector by announcing new commitments. In 2018, a target for decarbonization of its emissions (scopes 1&2) was set at -50% for 2030. With 7 years ahead of schedule and traffic returning to its pre-pandemic level, this target was achieved in 2023. A new target was set for 2030: reduce CO2 emissions by 2/3 between 2018 and 2030 (scopes 1&2). VINCI Airports and its network transform, invest and innovate for air mobility. Discover some examples of the actions deployed in our infrastructures. 0 net emission by 2030 in the European Union, London Gatwick and Edinburgh airports and by 2050 worldwide (scopes 1&2) 2030 end of phytosanitary product use 0 waste to landfill by 2030 Our action plan All the airports in our network are committed to an ambitious and concrete environmental transition path, and we involve the entire airport ecosystem in this approach, working with partners on a local and international scale. Our environmental plan is built around three priorities: Act for the climate We are committed to act for the climate around three priorities to decarbonize the entire mobility chain: leading the way in reducing our direct emissions through energy efficiency measures and the use of renewable energies; look beyond our own activities and help our stakeholders (airlines, passengers and others) reduce their carbon footprint; supporting regions in their energy transition. Learn more Optimize resources through the circular economy Our aim is to minimise the carbon footprint of our operations by limiting the volume of raw materials extracted and more routinely reusing and recycling materials. Learn more Preserve biodiversity and natural environments We are aware of the importance and fragility of natural ecosystems, and we take action to preserve them by actively protecting biodiversity and responsibly managing water consumption. Learn more News Planet - 4 February 2026 Nantes Atlantique: new electrical infrastructure commissioned to decarbonise ground operations Read more Planet - 11 December 2025 Salvador Bahia airport becomes Brazil’s first to supply commercial flights with SAF Read more Planet - 13 November 2025 VINCI Airports sets a historic milestone during the COP 30: Salvador Bahia becomes the first ACA 5 certified airport in the Americas Read more