Preserving biodiversity and natural environments - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Preserving biodiversity and natural environments As VINCI Airports is keenly aware of the importance and fragility of natural ecosystems, it takes action to preserve them by actively protecting biodiversity and responsibly managing water consumption. -50% water consumption per traffic unit by 2030 0 pesticide in 2030 6 Aero Biodiversité partner airports in France Because we take greater care of the things we know and understand, we regularly draw up inventories of the wildlife living on and around our infrastructure, with support from local scientists and organisations. In accordance with the Avoid/Reduce/Offset approach, we use the knowledge acquired through this process to optimise the way we design our projects to avoid any biodiversity loss, orient the implementation of offsetting measures where necessary and shape our campaigns to raise awareness among users and school children. Taking action on the field Our objective: to eliminate the use of phytosanitary products We aim to eliminate the use of pesticides to maintain our infrastructure by 2030. Consequently, the VINCI Airports network has continued trialling alternative mechanical solutions, conservation grazing, and new ways of sowing seeds to control vegetation around our airports. 57 airports in our network have already reached their goal of using zero pesticides to maintain green spaces through alternative solutions such as targeted grazing. Annecy Mont-Blanc Airport, France, VINCI Airports Partnerships to protect biodiversity With around 70% of our airport platforms composed of natural environments, preserving biodiversity is one of VINCI Airports’ priorities. To achieve this, VINCI Airports conducts inventories and awareness-raising campaigns throughout its worldwide network of airports, and forges partnerships with various associations. For example, VINCI Airports and the airports in its network have ratified the Buckingham Declaration and joined the United for Wildlife Transport Taskforce, an international partnership to combat species trafficking. In France, VINCI Airports and the Union Nationale de l’Apiculture Française (UNAF) are partners in the “Bees, guardians of the environment” program. VINCI Airports is also a partner of the Ligue de Protection des Oiseaux (LPO), as at Grenoble airport, which has a diversified fauna at the heart of the airport, and has set up a biodiversity zone (beehives, compost, insect house). Several other partnerships for biodiversity protection have been established within the network, including at ANA airports in Portugal, as well as at London Gatwick Airport in the United Kingdom, which has been recognized for its biodiversity management with the Wildlife Trusts Biodiversity Benchmark Award. Flores Airport, Portugal, VINCI Airports Reducing water consumption VINCI Airports is committed to protecting water resources by reducing our consumption. To achieve this, in addition to raising awareness among our teams and passengers, we are improving monitoring and leak detection everywhere. Objective: 50% less water consumption by 2030 News Planet - 4 February 2026 Nantes Atlantique: new electrical infrastructure commissioned to decarbonise ground operations Read more Planet - 11 December 2025 Salvador Bahia airport becomes Brazil’s first to supply commercial flights with SAF Read more Planet - 13 November 2025 VINCI Airports sets a historic milestone during the COP 30: Salvador Bahia becomes the first ACA 5 certified airport in the Americas Read more