Salvador Bahia Airport - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Salvador Bahia Airport On completion of a call for tenders initiated by ANAC (Agência Nacional de Aviação Civil), VINCI Airports was awarded the Salvador International Airport concession in March 2017. VINCI Airports signed the Concession Agreement on July 28 of the same year, covering the operation, maintenance and expansion of the existing terminal and the upgrading of the runway system. Early 2018, VINCI Airports officially became the operator of Salvador airport, its first concession in Brazil. Salvador Bahia Airport has become the first airport in Brazil and across the entire American continent to reach Level 5 of the Airport Carbon Accreditation (ACA), highest global recognition for airport carbon management. 8M passengers in 2025 0 waste to landfill ACA5 certification Following the first two phases of transition, during which VINCI Airports prepared and launched the implementation of its transition plan while Infraero continued to manage the airport with its assistance, VINCI Airports officially became the operator of Salvador airport on 2 January 2018. Salvador Bahia International Airport has been recognised by Brazil’s National Civil Aviation Agency (ANAC) as ‘Brazil’s most sustainable airport’ for three consecutive years. In keeping with the ambitious sustainable development policy that VINCI Airports is implementing throughout its global network, Salvador airport is a model in terms of environmental commitment. Since joining the VINCI Airports network in 2018, it has been regularly rewarded for the many virtuous initiatives it has implemented in terms of greenhouse gas reduction, energy efficiency and wildlife risk management. For example, it is : The first airport in Brazil to have a solar power plant powering its terminal and to achieve zero waste to landfill, and the only one to maintain this objective even during the covid-19 crisis The only airport in Brazil to have zero liquid waste, with 100% of treated wastewater recycled for use in toilets and cooling towers The first airport in Brazil to receive ISO 14001 environmental certification 100% equipped with LEDs With a complex dedicated to sustainable development. This building brings together the airport terminal’s main environmental initiatives, such as the effluent treatment plant (ETE), the waste treatment centre and its latest structure: a biodiversity centre of over 600 m² designed to develop actions for the conservation of flora and fauna. Airport website Follow the airport Concessionary entity Concessionária do Aeroporto de Salvador S.A. Holding 100% VINCI Airports Concession length 30 years End of contract (year) 2047 IATA Code SSA Runways length 1 3 005 meters Runways length 2 1 520 meters 9 airlines 36 restaurants 38 stores Other airports in Brazil Boa Vista Airport Learn more Manaus Airport Learn more Rio Branco Airport Learn more All our other airports