Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport Fully interconnected, Lyon-Saint Exupéry is the preferred departure point for passengers from the southeast quarter of France. The airport is easily accessible thanks to its highway network, its high-speed train station and the Rhônexpress, which links downtown Lyon to the airport in less than 30 minutes. Lyon-Saint Exupéry is the leading airport in the VINCI Airports network in France, with more than 10.5 million passengers by 2025, Lyon-Saint Exupéry connects +140 destinations directly and is connected to the main international hubs. Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport offers state-of-the-art infrastructure, operational excellence for airlines and an innovation strategy focused on a high-quality passenger experience (VINCI Concessions center of excellence). In 2025, Lyon-Saint Exupéry became the sixth airport worldwide to obtain ACA 5 certification in the category of airports with more than 10 million passengers (annually), the highest international distinction in airport decarbonization. This recognition attests to a 94% reduction in direct CO₂ emissions since 2013 and the achievement of net zero emissions by 2025 within the direct scope of its activities, one year ahead of the initial target. Beyond its own activities (Scopes 1 and 2), Aéroports de Lyon is committed to supporting its partners in decarbonization (Scope 3) through initiatives in the areas of renewable energy (100% green electricity, biogas, photovoltaic power plants), sustainable mobility (fleet electrification, charging stations, hydrogen and SAF), and local carbon sequestration (projects certified by the Low Carbon Label (reforestation, low-carbon agriculture). Also certified ISO 14001 and ISO 50001, Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport is the first European airport to obtain AFNOR’s Engagé RSE label at the “Confirmed” level. This certification is part of a structured approach, consistent with the commitments of VINCI’s “Together” manifesto and Aéroports de Lyon’s Integrated Management System (IMS). It incorporates the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and the recommendations of the ISO 26000 standard. Lyon Airport is pursuing its major projects in terms of customer experience and the environment: In 2025, Aéroports de Lyon enhanced the passenger experience with unprecedented experiments: the “Art on Air” digital art exhibition in Terminal 1 transformed the airport into an immersive cultural space. The social robot Miroki welcomed and guided travelers to streamline their journey. An intelligent virtual agent completes this approach by offering personalized assistance and real-time information. These new features complement already popular services such as ZenLine, which allows passengers to reserve a slot at security checkpoints, the interactive kiosks in T1, which guide passengers and promote shops, and the Stan valet robot, which takes care of parking vehicles to simplify passenger arrivals. Lyon Airport is part of the strategy to transition to sustainable aviation fuels. An MOU with H2V and HY2GEN is structuring eSAF supply chains from the south of France. Lyon-Saint Exupéry is VINCI Airports’ pilot airport for testing the use of hydrogen. In 2025, the Hympulsion station was inaugurated and will distribute hydrogen to light vehicles. By 2027, an initial test of hydrogen-powered aircraft will be carried out with Airbus, paving the way for the gradual integration of H₂ aircraft between 2027 and 2045 Launch in 2025 of a 15-hectare solar power plant on the airport parking lots: the electricity produced will be fed back into the grid for neighboring communities. Airport website Follow the airport Concessionary entity Aéroports de Lyon (ADL) Holding 60% Consortium ADL Participations (VINCI Airports, Caisse des Dépôts et Consignations,Crédit Agricole) Concession length 31 years End of contract (year) 2047 IATA Code LYS Runways length 1 4 000 meters Runways length 2 2 760 meters ACA 5 environmental certification from the ACI 10.5M passengers in 2025 +140 destinations 49 airlines Air Cairo Aegean Airlines 4 Aer Lingus Air Algerie Air Arabia Maroc Air Canada Air Corsica Air France Air Malta Air Montenegro Air Transat AJet Albastar S.A ASL Airlines France Austrian Airlines AVION EXPRESS British Airways Brussels Airlines Chalair Copenhagen Airtaxi A/S Corsair Croatia Airlines Easyjet El Al Emirates Eurowings FlyOne Iberia Jet2.com KLM LOT Norwegian Nouvelair Pegasus Airlines Royal Air Maroc Royal Jordanian SAS Sky Express S.A. TAP Air Portugal Tassili Transavia Tunisair Turkish Airlines Twin Jet Volotea Vueling Airlines Wizz Air 19 Restaurants ALPAGE ALTO CAFE BAR 2.21 BRIOCHE DOREE (x2) BURGER KING CONFLUENCE CAFÉ EATSALAD EXKI MOZZA & Co MONOP’DAILY DELICES DE LYON PAUL STARBUCKS LES 100 CIELS Restaurant de l’Ibis Restaurant du Comfort Restaurant du Hampton 19 stores AELIA DUTY FREE (x2) + 1 last-minute offer in door C AELIA MODE ET BEAUTE DELICES DE LYON FNAC GLOBAL CASH (X2) LEGO L’OCCITANE EN PROVENCE LOOPING MONOP’DAILY OLYMPIQUE LYONNAIS PHARMACIE RELAY (X2) SAFE BAG (X2) THE PLACE # LYON 4 hotels COMFORT IBIS NH MOXY HAMPTON By HILTON Other airports in France Lyon Bron Airport Learn more Saint-Nazaire Montoir Airport Learn more Dinard Bretagne Airport Learn more All our other airports