Global leader in airport concessions - VINCI Airports We value your privacy We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies. Cookie Policy Customize Reject All Accept All Customize Consent Preferences We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below. The cookies that are categorized as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ... Show more Necessary Always Active Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. Cookie rc::a Duration Never Expires Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie rc::c Duration session Description This cookie is set by the Google recaptcha service to identify bots to protect the website against malicious spam attacks. Cookie cookietest Duration session Description The cookietest cookie is typically used to determine whether the user's browser accepts cookies, essential for website functionality and user experience. Cookie cookieyes-consent Duration 1 year Description CookieYes sets this cookie to remember users' consent preferences so that their preferences are respected on subsequent visits to this site. It does not collect or store any personal information about the site visitors. Cookie didomi_token Duration 6 months Description This cookie is set by the provider Didomi. This cookie contains consent information for custom purposes and vendors along with the Didomi-specific information. Functional Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features. Cookie yt-remote-device-id Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Duration Never Expires Description The cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY is used by YouTube to store the last search result entry that was clicked by the user. This information is used to improve the user experience by providing more relevant search results in the future. Cookie yt-remote-connected-devices Duration Never Expires Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's video preferences using embedded YouTube videos. Cookie yt-remote-session-app Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-app cookie is used by YouTube to store user preferences and information about the interface of the embedded YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-cast-installed Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-installed cookie is used to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-session-name Duration session Description The yt-remote-session-name cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video. Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Duration session Description The yt-remote-cast-available cookie is used to store the user's preferences regarding whether casting is available on their YouTube video player. Cookie yt-remote-fast-check-period Duration session Description The yt-remote-fast-check-period cookie is used by YouTube to store the user's video player preferences for embedded YouTube videos. Cookie wp-wpml_current_language Duration session Description WordPress multilingual plugin sets this cookie to store the current language/language settings. Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Cookie _pk_id.* Duration 1 year 1 month Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique user ID. Cookie _pk_ses.* Duration 1 hour Description Matomo set this cookie to store a unique session ID for gathering information on how the users use the website. Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Cookie INGRESSCOOKIE Duration session Description This cookie is used for load balancing and session stickiness. This technical session identifier is required for some website features. Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaigns. Cookie YSC Duration session Description Youtube sets this cookie to track the views of embedded videos on Youtube pages. Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to measure bandwidth, determining whether the user gets the new or old player interface. Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Duration 6 months Description YouTube sets this cookie to store the user's cookie consent state for the current domain. Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YEC Duration past Description Description is currently not available. Cookie __Secure-YNID Duration 6 months Description Description is currently not available. Uncategorized Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. Cookie wpub-endurance-prod-sid Duration session Description Description is currently not available. Reject All Save My Preferences Accept All Powered by Our News Prosperity - 2 June 2026 VINCI Airports celebrates the completion of the extension and renovation of Kansai International Airport, as well as the 10th anniversary of the concession Read more Prosperity - 26 May 2026 Inauguration of the Annecy Haute-Savoie Mont-Blanc airport new terminal Read more Innovation - 20 May 2026 Setting a new standard at Budapest airport: NextGen Security in action Read more VINCI Airports - 22 April 2026 Serving the regions’ connectivity, new routes are taking off within the VINCI Airports network Read more Prosperity - 16 April 2026 VINCI Airports – Traffic as of March 31, 2026 Read more Précédent Suivant Our Group A comprehensive integrator at the heart of air travel The world’s leading private airport operator, VINCI Airports operates more than 70 airports in 14 countries. Thanks to its expertise as a global integrator, VINCI Airports develops, finances, builds and manages airports by providing its investment capacity and know-how in optimizing operational performance, modernizing infrastructure and managing their environmental transition. About us Discover our Essentials +70 airports +334 million passengers in 2025 +300 airlines partner Our airports VINCI Airports is the world's leading private airport operator with more than 70 airports operating in 14 countries and eight capitals. Discover all our airports Our expertises VINCI Airports manages and develops airports: our teams exercise all the field skills necessary to design and operate platforms around the world on a daily basis. Prime contractor services and design Learn more Air connectivity Learn more Passenger services Learn more Extra-aeronautical activities Learn more Find out more about our expertises Our commitments Act for the climate We are committed to acting to decarbonize the entire mobility chain: by being exemplary in reducing our own emissions and, beyond our scope, by contributing to the reduction of those of our stakeholders (airlines, travelers, etc.) and by supporting the energy transition of territories. Learn more Optimising resources through the circular economy Our objective is to reduce the quantities of waste generated and systematize their recovery. For this, we are fully committed to a circular economy approach. Learn more Preserving natural environments and biodiversity We act to preserve natural ecosystems by pursuing an active policy of protecting biodiversity and responsible management of water consumption. Learn more Discover our commitments Join us! Working at VINCI Airports means joining our +18,000 employees to choose a fulfilling career, internal mobility opportunities and enriching training. All cultures and talents have their place within VINCI Airports teams which cultivate values ​​of inclusion and respect for diversity. See our current offers