International - Portal CNJ Ir para o conteúdo Transparência e Prestação de Contas | Ouvidoria PT EN ES . . . . . . The National Council of Justice (CNJ) was created by the Constitutional Amendment n. 45 of 2004 and installed on June 14th, 2005, under art. 103-B of the Brazilian Constitution. Based in Brasília (DF) and operating throughout the national territory, CNJ objective is to improve the Brazilian judicial system, especially concerning administrative and procedural control and transparency. In addition, it seeks to promote judicial services’ efficiency, formulating and executing national judicial policies and promoting and disseminating best practices. It is composed of 15 members with a two-year term. CNJ Management: President: Minister Luís Roberto Barroso National Inspector of Justice: Minister Mauro Campbell Contact us +55 (61) 2326-5000 internacional.cnj@cnj.jus.br Ombudsman +55 (61) 2326-4608 – das 9h às 14h +55 (61) 2326-4607 – das 14h às 19h Hague Apostille Convention International Treaties and Agreements Monitoring and Inspection of Decisions of the Inter-American Court Human Rights Overview of the Brazilian Judiciary Visit to CNJ National Adoption System Digital Process Libras Voz + Acessibilidade By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Cookies Settings Reject All Accept All Cookies Privacy Preference Center Privacy Preference Center Your Privacy Strictly Necessary Cookies Performance Cookies Functional Cookies Targeting Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences, or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect. The information does not usually identify you directly, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to learn more and change our default settings. Blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Button Cookie List Filter Button Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Confirm My Choices Reject All Allow All