CHAPTER 8. FACILITATION PROVISIONS COVERING
SPECIFIC SUBJECTS
A. Bonds and exemption from requisition or seizure
8.1 Recommended Practice.— If a Contracting State requires bonds of an aircraft operator to cover his liabilities
under the customs, immigration, public health, animal and plant quarantine, or similar laws of the State, it should permit the
use of a single comprehensive bond whenever possible.
8.2 Recommended Practice.— The aircraft, ground equipment, security equipment, spare parts and technical
supplies of an aircraft operator located in a Contracting State (other than the Contracting State in which such airline is
established) for use in the operation of an international air service serving such Contracting State, should be exempt from the
laws of such Contracting State authorizing the requisition or seizure of aircraft, equipment, parts or supplies for public use,
without prejudice to the right of seizure for breaches of the laws of the Contracting State concerned.
B. Facilitation of search, rescue, accident investigation and salvage
8.3 Subject to any conditions imposed by Annex 12 — Search and Rescue and Annex 13 — Aircraft Accident and
Incident Investigation, Contracting States shall make arrangements to ensure entry without delay into their territories on a
temporary basis of qualified personnel required for search, rescue, accident investigation, repair or salvage in connection with
a lost or damaged aircraft.
8.3.1 In arranging for the entry without delay of the personnel referred to in 8.3, when such a document is necessary,
States shall not require any other travel document than a passport (cf. 3.5).
8.3.2 Recommended Practice.— In cases where a Contracting State continues to require entrance visas for the
personnel referred to in 8.3, it should, when necessary and on an exceptional basis, issue such visas on arrival or otherwise
facilitate their admission when such personnel carry an order of mission from the competent authority in their State.
8.3.3 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States should ensure that their authorities are adequately informed of
the provisions of Annexes 9 and 13 relating to the facilitation of aircraft accident and incident investigations. In this regard,
States should recognize the need for the investigators concerned to be able to arrange transport to the site of the accident or
incident without delay and, if necessary, help them to this end.
8.4 Each Contracting State shall facilitate the temporary entry into its territory of all aircraft, tools, spare parts and
equipment required in the search, rescue, accident investigation, repair or salvage of the damaged aircraft of another State.
These items shall be temporarily admitted free from customs duties and other taxes or charges and the application of
regulations of any nature restricting the importation of goods.
Note.— It is understood that this provision does not preclude the application of public health and animal and plant
quarantine measures, if required.
8.5 Each Contracting State shall facilitate the removal from its territory of both the damaged and any assisting aircraft,
together with tools, spare parts and equipment that may have been brought in for search, rescue, accident investigation, repair
or salvage purposes.
ANNEX 9 8-1 23/2/18Annex 9 — Facilitation Chapter 8
8.6 Damaged aircraft or parts thereof, and any stores or cargo contained therein, together with any aircraft, tools, spare
parts or equipment brought in for temporary use in search, rescue, accident investigation, repair or salvage, which are not
removed from the territory of the Contracting State within a length of time to be specified by that State, shall be subject to the
requirements of the applicable laws of the State concerned.
8.7 If, in connection with an aircraft accident investigation, it becomes necessary to send a part, or parts, of a damaged
aircraft to another Contracting State for technical examination or testing, each Contracting State concerned shall ensure that
the movement of such part, or parts, is effected without delay. The Contracting States concerned shall likewise facilitate the
return of such part, or parts, to the State instituting the accident investigation should the latter State require them in order to
complete the investigation.
C. Relief flights following natural and man-made disasters which seriously endanger
human health or the environment, and similar emergency situations where
United Nations (UN) assistance is required
8.8 Contracting States shall facilitate the entry into, departure from and transit through their territories of aircraft
engaged in relief flights performed by or on behalf of international organizations recognized by the UN or by or on behalf of
States themselves and shall take all possible measures to ensure their safe operation. Such relief flights are those undertaken
in response to natural and man-made disasters which seriously endanger human health or the environment, as well as similar
emergency situations where UN assistance is required. Such flights shall be commenced as quickly as possible after obtaining
agreement with the recipient State.
Note 1.— According to its Internationally Agreed Glossary of Basic Terms Related to Disaster Management, the United
Nations Department of Humanitarian Affairs considers an emergency to be “a sudden and usually unforeseen event that
calls for immediate measures to minimize its adverse consequences”, and a disaster to be “a serious disruption of the
functioning of society, causing widespread human, material or environmental losses which exceed the ability of the affected
society to cope using only its own resources”.
Note 2.— With respect to the application of measures to ensure the safe operation of relief flights, attention is drawn to
Annex 11 — Air Traffic Services, the Manual Concerning Safety Measures Relating to Military Activities Potentially
Hazardous to Civil Aircraft Operations (Doc 9554) and the Manual concerning Interception of Civil Aircraft (Doc 9433).
8.9 without delay.
Contracting States shall ensure that personnel and articles arriving on relief flights referred to in 8.8 are cleared
D. Marine pollution and safety emergency operations
8.10 In cases of emergency, Contracting States shall facilitate the entry, transit and departure of aircraft engaged in the
combatting or prevention of marine pollution, or other operations necessary to ensure maritime safety, safety of the
population or protection of the marine environment.
8.11 In cases of emergency, Contracting States shall, to the greatest extent possible, facilitate the entry, transit and
departure of persons, cargo, material and equipment required to deal with the marine pollution and safety operations
described in 8.10.
23/2/18 8-2Chapter 8 Annex 9 — Facilitation
E. Implementation of international health regulations and related provisions
8.12 the World Health Organization.
Contracting States shall comply with the pertinent provisions of the International Health Regulations (2005) of
8.13 Contracting States shall take all possible measures to have vaccinators use the Model International Certificate of
Vaccination or Prophylaxis, in accordance with Article 36 and Annex 6 of the International Health Regulations (2005), in
order to assure uniform acceptance.
8.14 Each Contracting State shall make arrangements to enable all aircraft operators and agencies concerned to make
available to passengers, sufficiently in advance of departure, information concerning the vaccination requirements of the
countries of destination, as well as the Model International Certificate of Vaccination or Prophylaxis conforming to
Article 36 and Annex 6 of the International Health Regulations (2005).
8.15 The pilot-in-command of an aircraft shall ensure that a suspected communicable disease is reported promptly to
air traffic control, in order to facilitate provision for the presence of any special medical personnel and equipment necessary
for the management of public health risks on arrival.
Note 1.— A communicable disease could be suspected and require further evaluation if a person has a fever
(temperature 38°C/100°F or greater) that is associated with certain signs or symptoms: e.g. appearing obviously unwell;
persistent coughing; impaired breathing; persistent diarrhoea; persistent vomiting; skin rash; bruising or bleeding without
previous injury; or, confusion of recent onset.
Note 2.— In the event of a case of suspected communicable disease on board an aircraft, the pilot-in-command may need
to follow his operator’s protocols and procedures, in addition to health-related legal requirements of the countries of
departure and/or destination. The latter would normally be found in the Aeronautical Information Publications (AIPs) of the
States concerned.
Note 3.— Annex 6 — Operation of Aircraft describes the “on board” medical supplies that are required to be carried on
aircraft. The Procedures for Air Navigation Services — Air Traffic Management (Doc 4444) (PANS-ATM) detail the
procedures to be followed by the pilot-in-command in communication with air traffic control.
8.15.1 Recommended Practice.— When a public health threat has been identified, and when the public health
authorities of a Contracting State require information concerning passengers’ and/or crews’ travel itineraries or contact
information for the purposes of tracing persons who may have been exposed to a communicable disease, that Contracting
State should accept the “Public Health Passenger Locator Form” reproduced in Appendix 13 as the sole document for this
purpose.
Note.— It is suggested that States make available adequate stocks of the Passenger Locator Form, for use at their
international airports and for distribution to aircraft operators, for completion by passengers and crew.
F. Communicable disease outbreak national aviation plan
8.16 A Contracting State shall establish a national aviation plan in preparation for an outbreak of a communicable
disease posing a public health risk or public health emergency of international concern.
Note 1.— Guidance in developing a national aviation plan may be found on the ICAO website on the Aviation Medicine
page.
Note 2.— Annex 11 — Air Traffic Services and Annex 14 — Aerodromes, Volume I — Aerodrome Design and
Operations require air traffic services and aerodromes to establish contingency planning or aerodrome emergency plans,
respectively, for public health emergencies of international concern.
8-3 23/2/18Annex 9 — Facilitation Chapter 8
G. Establishment of national facilitation programmes
8.17 Each Contracting State shall establish a national air transport facilitation programme based on the facilitation
requirements of the Convention and of Annex 9 thereto.
8.18 Each Contracting State shall ensure that the objective of its national air transport facilitation programme shall be
to adopt all practicable measures to facilitate the movement of aircraft, crews, passengers, cargo, mail and stores, by
removing unnecessary obstacles and delays.
8.18.1 Recommended Practice.— In establishing a national air transport facilitation programme, States should use
the guidance material outlined in Appendix 12 and Doc 10042, Model National Air Transport Facilitation Programme.
8.19 Each Contracting State shall establish a National Air Transport Facilitation Committee, and Airport Facilitation
Committees as required, or similar coordinating bodies, for the purpose of coordinating facilitation activities between
departments, agencies, and other organizations of the State concerned with, or responsible for, various aspects of
international civil aviation as well as with airport and aircraft operators.
8.20 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States should endeavour to establish close coordination, adapted to
circumstances, between civil aviation security and facilitation programmes. To this end, certain members of Facilitation
Committees should also be members of Security Committees.
8.21 Recommended Practice.— In establishing and operating National Air Transport and Airport Facilitation
Committees, States should use the guidance material outlined in Appendices 11 and 12.
H. Facilitation of the transport of persons with disabilities
I. General
8.22 Recommended Practice.— When travelling, persons with disabilities should be provided with special assistance
in order to ensure that they receive services customarily available to the general public. Assistance should be provided in a
manner that respects the dignity of the individual.
8.23 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States should cooperate with a view to taking the necessary measures to
make accessible to persons with disabilities all the elements of the chain of the person’s journey, from arrival at the airport
of departure to leaving the airport of destination.
8.24 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States should take the necessary steps with aircraft, airport and ground
handling operators to establish and publish minimum uniform standards of accessibility with respect to transportation
services for persons with disabilities, from arrival at the airport of departure to leaving the airport of destination.
8.25 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States should take the necessary steps with aircraft, airport and ground
handling operators and travel agencies to ensure that persons with disabilities are given the information they need, in
formats that are accessible to those with cognitive or sensory disabilities, and should take the necessary steps to ensure that
airlines, airports and ground handling operators are in a position to give those passengers the assistance necessary for them,
depending on their needs, to help them in their travel.
8.26 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States should take all necessary steps to secure the cooperation of
aircraft, airport and ground handling operators in order to establish and coordinate training programmes to ensure that
trained personnel are available to assist persons with disabilities.
23/2/18 8-4Chapter 8 Annex 9 — Facilitation
II. Access to airports
8.27 needs of persons with disabilities.
Contracting States shall take the necessary steps to ensure that airport facilities and services are adapted to the
8.28 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States should ensure that lifting systems or any other appropriate
devices are made available in order to facilitate the movement of persons with disabilities between the aircraft and the
terminal on both arrival and departure as required where telescopic passageways are not used.
8.29 Recommended Practice.— Measures should be taken to ensure that the hearing- and vision-impaired are able to
obtain flight service-related information in accessible formats.
8.30 Recommended Practice.— Designated points for the pick-up and drop-off of persons with disabilities at a
terminal building should be located as close as possible to main entrances and/or exits. To facilitate movement within the
airport, access routes should be free of obstacles and be accessible.
8.31 Recommended Practice.— Where access to public services is limited, every effort should be made to provide
accessible and reasonably priced ground transportation services by adapting current and planned public transit systems or
by providing special transport services for people with mobility needs.
8.32 Recommended Practice.— Adequate parking facilities should be provided for people with mobility needs and
appropriate measures taken to facilitate their movement between parking areas and the terminal buildings.
8.33 Recommended Practice.— When assistance is provided to transfer persons with disabilities from one aircraft to
another, it should be provided as efficiently as possible, with due regard for connecting flights.
III. Access to air services
Contracting States shall take the necessary steps to ensure that persons with disabilities have equivalent access to
8.34 air services.
8.35 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States should introduce provisions by which aircraft coming newly into
service or after major refurbishment should conform, where aircraft type, size, and configuration permit, to minimum
uniform standards of accessibility with respect to equipment on board aircraft which would include movable armrests, on-
board wheelchairs, accessible washrooms and suitable lighting and signs.
8.36 Recommended Practice.— Disability aids required by persons with disabilities should be carried free of charge
in the cabin where space, weight and safety requirements permit or should be carried free of charge and designated as
priority baggage.
8.37 Recommended Practice.— Service animals accompanying persons with disabilities should be carried free of
charge in the cabin, on the floor at the person’s seat, subject to the application of any relevant national or aircraft operator
regulations.
8.38 Contracting States that restrict the transport of battery-powered devices, including mobility aids containing
spillable batteries, shall notify ICAO promptly of such restrictions so that they can be included in Doc 9284, Technical
Instructions for the Safe Transport of Dangerous Goods by Air and ensure that aircraft operators make such information
publicly available and in accordance with Chapter 2, 2.5 of Annex 18.
8-5 23/2/18Annex 9 — Facilitation Chapter 8
8.39 Recommended Practice.— In principle, persons with disabilities should be permitted to travel without the
requirement for a medical clearance. Aircraft operators should only be permitted to require persons with disabilities to
obtain a medical clearance in cases of a medical condition where it is not clear that they are fit to travel and could
compromise their safety or well-being or that of other passengers.
8.40 Recommended Practice.— In principle, persons with disabilities should be permitted to determine whether or
not they need an assistant. If the presence of an assistant is required, Contracting States should encourage aircraft operators
to offer discounts for the carriage of that assistant. Aircraft operators should require an assistant only when it is clear that
the person with a disability is not self-reliant and this could pose a risk to safety or the well-being of such person or that of
other passengers.
8.40.1 Recommended Practice.— Advance notice should strongly be encouraged where assistance or lifting is
required.
I. Assistance to aircraft accident victims and their families
8.41 The State of Occurrence of an aircraft accident and adjacent States shall make arrangements to facilitate the entry
into their territory on a temporary basis of family members of victims of an aircraft accident.
8.42 The State of Occurrence and adjacent States shall also make arrangements to facilitate the entry into their territory,
on a temporary basis, of authorized representatives of the operator whose aircraft has met with the accident, or of the
operator’s alliance partner, in order to enable them to provide assistance to survivors and their family members, the family
members of the deceased victims of the accident and the relevant authorities in these States.
Note.— Code-sharing and similar alliance agreements sometimes require alliance partners to act as “first responder”
on behalf of an affected operator in case the alliance partner can get to the location of the accident quicker than the affected
operator.
8.43 Recommended Practice.— In arranging for the entry of the persons referred to in 8.41, the State of Occurrence
and adjacent States should not require any other travel document than a passport, or an emergency travel document issued
specifically to such persons, to enable them to travel to these States. In cases where the State of Occurrence of the accident
or an adjacent State requires entrance visas for persons referred to in 8.41 and 8.42 above, it should expedite the issuance of
such visas.
8.44 who have survived the accident.
Contracting States shall make arrangements to issue emergency travel documents, if required, to their nationals
8.45 Contracting States shall extend all necessary assistance, such as arranging transport and clearing customs, in the
repatriation of human remains to their countries of origin, on request by family members of the deceased or the operator
whose aircraft met with the accident.
8.46 Recommended Practice.— Contracting States should establish legislation, regulations and/or policies in
support of assistance to aircraft accident victims and their families.
Note.— Attention is drawn to Doc 9998, ICAO Policy on Assistance to Aircraft Accident Victims and their Families and
Doc 9973, Manual on Assistance to Aircraft Accident Victims and their Families.
______________________