ALTA FUEL & SUSTAINABILITY CONFERENCE Official Host Agenda designed to generate real impact The ALTA Fuel & Sustainability Conference is a key annual gathering for leaders and professionals who are driving the energy transformation within the aviation ecosystem. The agenda fosters dialogue that leads to concrete solutions in fuel supply, environmental sustainability, strategic initiatives, and impactful projects that support the development of aviation in Latin America and the Caribbean. The 2026 edition will take place at the JW Marriott Hotel in Quito, Ecuador. REGISTER Participants This event is aimed at airline leaders, fuel and service/data providers, regulatory authorities, airports, manufacturers, fuel and sustainability experts. Our goal is to promote strategic dialogue and generate tangible opportunities tailored to the realities and needs of Latin America and the Caribbean. AGENDA Key topics on the agenda The 2026 program will address the most relevant challenges for the aviation sector’s energy future in the region. Key topics include: Operational efficiency and sustainability Energy transition Fuel infrastructure and logistics Regional and global market perspectives Innovation and collaboration This edition will also foster networking spaces, interactive sessions, and meetings designed to create strategic connections and actionable solutions. From April 15 to 17, 2026, join us in Quito to keep building a more sustainable, competitive, and decarbonization-aligned aviation sector together. REGISTER Past Conference Speakers Iván Saco Exolum Johanna Cabrera LATAM Airlines Judit de León IDAC Landon Loomis Boeing Adriana Abrão CA’ARBOM Alejandro Pinzón avianca Alexandra Calvo IATA Andrés Roqué WFS Benjamin Nazar LATAM Airlines Carlos Simbaqueba Wingo Carlos Vianna SITA Cesar Pereira Embraer Cristina González Arajet S.A. Debnil Chowdhury S&P Global Edmundo Jimenez GPD Aviation Eliseo Llamazares KPMG Héctor Porcella JAC Igor Rodríguez IDAC Inmaculada Gómez ICF Iván Saco Exolum Johanna Cabrera LATAM Airlines Judit de León IDAC Landon Loomis Boeing Adriana Abrão CA’ARBOM Alejandro Pinzón avianca Alexandra Calvo IATA Andrés Roqué WFS Official Host 2026 Prime Sponsor 2026 Sponsors ABOUT QUITO Quito, the capital of Ecuador, is a city rich in history and culture, nestled high in the Andes Mountains. It’s known for its well-preserved colonial center. Located on the slopes of the Pichincha volcano, Quito boasts a unique blend of historical and natural attractions. The distinction of being the world’s second-highest capital city, situated at an altitude of approximately 2,850 meters (9,350 feet) above sea level in the Guayllabamba river basin on the eastern slopes of Pichincha. VENUE See short video summary from 2025 edition: Testimonials The ALTA Fuel & Sustainability Conference is not only a space for technical and strategic discussions, but also a transformative experience for those leading change in aviation. Here’s what some of our attendees shared: “Very productive, relevant, and well focused on the industry’s current challenges.” “A conference that truly drives action.” “An enriching experience to discuss the region’s major sustainability challenges.” “The best place to connect with key stakeholders in the aviation ecosystem.” “Great organization, excellent content, and real networking opportunities.” “A week full of knowledge, ideas, and collaboration.” “A unique opportunity to understand the SAF landscape and explore concrete solutions.” “Exceeded my expectations. Thank you for bringing together airlines and suppliers in one place.” “Very productive, relevant, and well focused on the industry’s current challenges.” “A conference that truly drives action.” “An enriching experience to discuss the region’s major sustainability challenges.” “The best place to connect with key stakeholders in the aviation ecosystem.” “Great organization, excellent content, and real networking opportunities.” Photo Gallery VIEW ALL PHOTOS