Corporate partnerships | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Corporate partnerships As a UK-wide charity, we offer you the chance to change the lives of children and young people in local communities. Last year we helped over 551,400 children and families across the UK. Some of the services we provide include financial assistance, help with housing, mental health support and training. We are a trusted charity partner for brands both big and small. Our amazing partnerships have helped us make an impact in so many ways. Our current corporate partners Meet our partners Why partner with us? Your dedicated Partnership Manager will provide everything you need to make our partnership a success. You’ll also get support from our media team, senior management team and community fundraisers. We’ll create a calendar of events, communications and fundraising activities to engage your employees and customers. We’ll organise special volunteering opportunities, so employees can see the difference they’re making. Almost 80% of the UK’s population live less than 10 miles from an Action for Children service, so your employees and customers will be supporting vulnerable children in their local communities. Partner with us Complete this form and we'll be in touch Enquire now Don't just take our word for it... We have worked with many charities through our Community Investment programme and Action for Children has been particularly impressive to work with. Penny Amatt, Corporate Responsibility and Community Investment Manager, Royal Mail Group Item 1 of 5 We can work with you to create a partnership package that delivers profound and lasting changes to children and young people. Working with us can also help customers care more about your brand, and help your employees feel proud to work for you. Action for Children understands the value and importance of a true partnership. They've worked hard to quickly understand CBRE’s business, and to help our staff empathise with the challenges facing the children and young people in care. Action for Children has exceeded our expectations at every level. Steve Timbs, Executive Director, CBRE Partner with us Complete this form and we'll be in touch Enquire now Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Our work and impact We help children and young people to grow up safe and happy. Find out about the work we do and the impact we make across the UK Exclusive events Buy a ticket for one of our special events to show support for our work, or become a partner to get your company in the room Fundraise with us From running a marathon to hosting a bake sale, join or set up an event to have fun and raise money for children Make a donation There are lots of ways to give - from donating online to leaving a gift in your will or paying in fundraising Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices