Boycott your Bed | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Boycott your Bed On Friday 2 October 2026, hundreds of sleepers across the UK will help raise vital funds for vulnerable children. Sign up (opens in a new tab) What is Boycott your Bed? Every year, sleepers across the UK gather their colleagues, sleeping bags and thermals to sleep out at one of our locations. Why? Because every child should have a safe place to sleep, food, warmth, the chance to grow and learn. But too many children don’t . On Friday 2 October 2026 , more than 500 people will take part in our national sleepout across the UK, with events being held in London , Leeds , Manchester , and Glasgow . Want to get involved? We see you. Looking for your next challenge. Your next chance to make a difference. And to network, too. Because you’re driven. This October, be driven by love to take action for children, and sign up for this year’s Boycott your Bed. The idea is simple - gather your colleagues, sleeping bag and thermals, and get everyone you know to sponsor you. What to expect Throughout the evening, you'll attend an indoor reception featuring fundraising activities and inspiring talks from Action for Children speakers, who'll share powerful stories showing how the money raised will support vulnerable children and families . After the reception, you and your team will head to your sleepout area to take on the challenge of giving up your beds for the night. Boycott Your Bed resources Our resources and guides can help you with fundraising. View our resources Boycott your Bed FAQs Got questions? Learn more about Boycott your Bed here. Visit Boycott your Bed FAQs The difference you're making Watch "Boycott your Bed 2025" on YouTube 4 million children now live in poverty in the UK. That’s 27% of all children. Tonight, many will go to bed hungry. Struggle to sleep in a cold, damp house, and start the next day without a warm coat or shoes that fit. Taking part in Boycott your Bed can help to change this. Now in its 29th year , Boycott your Bed has raised an incredible £14.6 million to help make sure children have what they need for a safe and happy childhood. Things like warm clothes, hot meals, a proper bed. Last year, we raised £350,000 for vulnerable children, young people and their families - and we're hoping that 2026 will be even more successful. Are you ready to take on the challenge? Sign up (opens in a new tab) Catch up on Boycott your Bed 2025 Item 1 of 5 Action for Children is a vital lifeline for vulnerable families – but we can’t do what we do without you You may also like Seven ways to make your online fundraising page stand out and increase donations 06 December 2024 Where your money goes Find out how we use your donations to make the greatest impact on children’s lives Boycott Your Bed Frequently Asked Questions Boycott your Bed frequently asked questions Our impact How we’re changing lives for children, young people and families across the UK Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices