Blog | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Blog Read about our services, campaigns and the people we help, and get the latest on policies affecting children and young people Filter by type Blog Policy Press release Story Filter by topic Abuse and neglect Campaigns Children in care Criminal exploitation Disabilities Domestic abuse Early years Events Fostering Fundraising Homelessness Mental health Parenting Poverty Race Services Staff Supporters Volunteers Young carers Young people Filter Four ways to volunteer for charity Looking to make a difference? Explore four ways to volunteer with Action for Children and support vulnerable children and families across the UK. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 03 June 2026 How to volunteer for charity this Christmas Christmas is a time for giving and generosity. And what better way to celebrate the season of giving than by volunteering at Christmas? Rachael Gearon - Digital Content Officer 01 November 2025 Spotlighting Charlie and John from London's Independent Visitor service London Independent Visitor volunteer, Charlie, tells us of his experience as an Independent Visitor and the relationship he's built with John. Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer 27 March 2025 Volunteering with children and young people: Your questions answered Interested in volunteering with children? Want to make a difference in the lives of young people? Find out what you need to do to get started 26 May 2022 From short breaks to Britain's Got Talent: Helping Carmela shine Growing up, Carmela loved her time attending an Action for Children short breaks service in Northampton. Now, this inspiring young woman is volunteering at the service that helped her so much and shining on the Britain's Got Talent stage 22 April 2022 “If I had help as a child, it would’ve have helped later in life”: Sarah’s story Sarah* grew up with an abusive father. Now she’s using her experience to support other children in similar situations through volunteering 08 March 2022 These volunteers are making a difference in the lives of homeless youth Heather and Kelvin volunteer as part of Action for Children’s work tackling youth homelessness. In a few short days, they make a huge difference to the lives of homeless young people 01 March 2022 How volunteers can help children in care The words of one young person inspired Nicki to volunteer at Action for Children and befriend children in care 12 November 2021 How trailblazing volunteer Denise is helping us better serve disabled children When Denise, who has a disability, approached Action for Children about her wish to volunteer, it was the start of an extraordinary story that would make an impact right across the UK 07 April 2021 Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices