How Corinna Laing's childhood shaped her career | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content How Corinna Laing's childhood shaped her career Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer Monday 05 February 2024 This National Apprenticeship Week we are spotlighting Corinna Laing, Action for Children's Operational Director of Early Years and Childcare. Corinna manages our Spring Nurseries and Oscars Childcare services. But the work she does at Action for Children isn't her only achievement. Corinna was awarded a Senior Leaders Masters apprenticeship in Business Administration (MBA) and Chartered Manager status at the Chartered Management Institute . To celebrate National Apprenticeship Week , we spoke to Corinna about her career at Action for Children and her decision to complete an apprenticeship . Thinking of joining us? Search for a role (opens in a new tab) What drew you to a career in early years and education? My career was hugely influenced by my own high Adverse Childhood Experiences (ACES). When I was 16, relationships within my family broke down . This lead to a placement by the local authority in a local Bed and Breakfast. These experiences became a driving force behind my choice of profession. I enrolled at James Watt College to study Early Years Education , and this was the first step in my journey . Can you share your key career milestones with us? A key milestone in my career unfolded shortly after moving to Exeter in Devon. This was where I discovered ‘my professional home’ with Action for Children. The charity was opening one of its first nurseries, then known as The Cedars . It was part of a neighbourhood nursery project under the Sure Start initiative . It was here that marked the beginning of my leadership journey. In its early days, The Cedars began operations with a small team of three people and some capital funding. For the next 11 years, The Cedars became more than a workplace; it was a true home-from-home. My own children also found their early years experiences here alongside me. Over the last 19 years, The Cedars has flourished. It's gone from strength to strength and is now part of the Spring group , becoming The Spring Cedars. World Book Day at Cedars What was your time at Cedars like? It was an exciting and transformative era for Sure Start Exeter, where the nursery played an integral role. We worked closely with the two other children's centres , achieving remarkable results as a multiagency team . Our collective efforts gained national attention, with the Prime Minister commending the achievements of Sure Start Exeter. Being part of this dynamic environment, the growth of the Cedars, and contributing to the success of Sure Start Exeter were undeniably highlights in my career . And the collaborative spirit made it a memorable and rewarding experience. Staff stories Action for Children staff share a glimpse into their roles Read more Who or what has been your biggest support? Definitely the invaluable guidance and support of an exceptional manager , Christine Cottle. Christine was a Children Services Manager who retired from Action for Children this year. Christine was an inspiration and played a huge role in shaping my career. But she helped me far beyond the workplace too, and offered support on both personal and professional fronts. With Christine's encouragement, I decided to embark on university education. I successfully completed a Foundation Degree , followed by a BA Honours degree in Education . Action for Children’s support and their belief in my potential paved the way for my academic pursuits. Christine and Corinna's son Cial cutting cake How did your most recent academic achievement come about? In 2019, I embarked on an Masters in Education . Unfortunately, the course was interrupted by the pandemic. Instead, I went on to successfully complete a Masters in Business Administration (MBA). This change improved my resilience . And alongside my manager (Director of Early Years), Jo French, it helped me navigate two businesses through a worldwide pandemic . The MBA gave me a broader perspective on leadership and management, and supported my responsibilities at Spring. I am so grateful to my manager Jo and her support , guidance , and feedback through the Apprenticeship programme. Thinking of joining us? Search for a role (opens in a new tab) Do you have any new aspirations? I am currently attending the Centre for Research in Early Childhood (CREC) and rejoined year two of the Masters in Education . I hope that CREC will supervise me to complete a PhD in 2025 . By finding my place at Action for Children, I have not only gone beyond my own challenges, but helped make a difference in the lives of others. I feel that my personal journey adds a unique perspective to my work, allowing me to connect empathetically with the experiences of the children and families I support. I hope by sharing this glimpse of my journey it reminds people of the impact and influence they can have on the lives of others through education, resilience, and a commitment to positive change . Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Staff Other news Anne Marie's journey as an Action for Children apprentice 13 February 2024 Staff Stories Read our staff stories and meet some of our remarkable team. How Niaill is making a difference for children in care in the North East 03 September 2024 Jobs Search our careers site to find a role to suit you Keep up to date with Action for Children! Sign up to our newsletter Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices