How to leave a gift in your will | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content How to leave a gift in your will Follow these simple steps to help us continue our work with children and young people in your name Thank you for considering leaving us a gift in your will. This page will walk you through the process while answering some of the questions you might have. Get your free guide Download a free information pack Free information pack Where do I start? You have two options, depending on whether you already have a will or not. I don't have an existing will List what you own. Download our will planner . Decide who to leave it to. We would always encourage you to look after your family and friends first and seek independent legal advice. Choose your executors. That’s somebody who is going to manage your estate and carry out your wishes. Write your will. As a valued supporter you can have your will written for free. You have the choice to write your will online. Or talk to a specialist by phone or online video. Get your free will now . Complete our pledge form to let us know. I already have a will Complete a codicil form . Then attach it to your will and provide a copy to your solicitor. Complete our pledge form . What do I write in my will? Our address and charity number If you'd like to include Action for Children in your will, please ask your solicitor or will writing service to use our full name, address and charity number to ensure we receive the gift: Name: Action for Children Address: 3 The Boulevard, Ascot Road, Watford, WD18 8AG Registered charity numbers: 1097940 (England) and SC038092 (Scotland) Example wording for your will Residuary I give the residue of my estate to Action for Children, 3 The Boulevard, Ascot Road, Watford, WD18 8AG, (Registered Charity Number 1097940) for its general charitable purposes. I further direct that the receipt of the Chief Executive or other proper officer of the said charity for the time being shall be a full and sufficient discharge for the said gift. Pecuniary/ Specific I give the sum of £_____ (or the item specified) to Action for Children, 3 The Boulevard, Ascot Road, Watford, WD18 8AG, (Registered Charity Number 1097940) for its general charitable purposes. I further direct that the receipt of the Chief Executive or other proper officer of the said charity for the time being shall be a full and sufficient discharge for the said gift. For national gifts to benefit Scotland directly change charity number to (Registered Charity Number SC-038092) What types of gifts can I leave? A share of your estate After you have provided for your loved ones, you can leave a share of what remains to charity. This is called as a "residuary gift". Many people prefer to give a residuary gift because it keeps in line with inflation, so does not lose value over time. A cash gift This is when you leave a fixed amount of money. This is known as a "pecuniary gift". A specific gift Is a particular item, like personal possessions, land or shares. Will my gift to Action for Children be subject to tax? Most gifts are exempt from tax. We usually receive the full amount. Your gift may also bring the total value of your estate below the inheritance tax threshold. Or you may qualify to pay inheritance tax at a reduced rate if you leave a gift to charity. We recommend you talk to a solicitor for more details. Use this calculator to work out if you qualify. Inheritance tax calculator (opens in a new tab) Why is a will important? A will is vital at all stages of your life. It can protect your loved ones, causes closest to you and ensure your memory lives on. Of course, we know that loved ones always come first. We're asking that you remember us once your loved ones' needs are met. If you leave a gift we advise letting your loved ones know. We also always recommend you seek independent legal advice, to ensure all legal formalities are covered and that your will is valid. The Legacy team are always happy to help you through the process. For a complete guide, get your information pack. Get your free guide Should I tell you about my gift? That's up to you. We’d love to hear from you! It'll give us the opportunity to thank you. And you will receive a pin badge and special updates if you wish. It also ensures we can make vital plans for the future. Rest assured any information shared with us is confidential. And you can change your mind at any time. Let us know I need more help If you would like more information please do not hesitate to get in touch. We're always happy to help. Call: 0300 123 2112 Email: giftsinwills@actionforchildren.org.uk Get your free guide Download a free information pack Free information pack Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Leave a gift in your will A gift in your will could help transform a child's life. Find out how you can make a difference. Donate in memory of someone Give a gift in memory of a loved one and make a difference to a child’s life Our impact How we’re changing lives for children, young people and families across the UK Free will offers Gifts in wills make sure support is there when it’s needed. Write your will for free online with our trusted partner Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices