Inspired to take on a challenge? Hear from our London Marathon runners | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Inspired to take on a challenge? Hear from our London Marathon runners Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer Monday 27 April 2026 On Sunday 26 April, thousands of people participated in one of the biggest fundraising events in the running calendar. Meet Sam and Sebastian , two of our brilliant runners who took on The London Marathon. From running in memory of a loved one, to achieving a new world record, their inspiring stories may just encourage you to take on a challenge of your own. Looking for your next challenge? Take on a challenge event for charity Join a challenge event Sam’s story Watch "Meet Sam, one of our incredible London Marathon 2026 runners" on YouTube Sam was one of our incredible participants who ran in memory of his dad . He decided to join team Action for Children because he believes our mission of supporting vulnerable children and families is something that his dad lacked in childhood. Sam said: "My dad didn't always have a happy childhood. He grew up in a broken home and also spent time in care ." My dad broke that cycle for me and brother. He gave us a safe and happy childhood where we could thrive. Sign up to our running events Sebastian’s World Record achievement Cambridgeshire dad, Sebastian Burley, was another one of our amazing runners who decided to spread his wings. And he did so in an unforgettable style. Sebastian fully embraced the 26.2 mile challenge by running in a giant inflatable chicken costume , and was rewarded with a new Guinness World Record title. To break the record, he needed to finish in under 4 hours and 7 minutes and be fully enclosed inside the costume, including his arms and head. On the day, Sebastian managed to cross the finish line in 4 hours and 33 seconds , making him the new record holder for the fastest marathon in a full-body inflatable costume (male) . My dreams have come true. I'm looking forward to hanging up my certificate in the bathroom and telling everyone about it. Sebastian was following a 16 week training plan, where he found the first 10 weeks manageable. He said: "We had our baby daughters arrival, and a house move from Huntingdon to Cornwall a week later. It was difficult to find the time to continue training, but I felt ready. Sebastian was inspired to take on the challenge by his sister-in-law, who works for Action for Children. He tells us: "I’ve been inspired by Action for Children's fantastic work. The money raised will go to really good causes, and the workers really care." As a dad, it breaks my heart that 4 million UK children live in poverty, due to no fault of their own, so I want to do something to help. Every year, we’re amazed by the unwavering dedication of our supporters . By running the London Marathon and taking on fundraising challenges that help raise vital funds to support vulnerable children and families across the UK - we couldn't be more grateful. Looking for your next challenge? Take on a challenge event for charity Join a challenge event Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Events Fundraising Supporters Other news London Marathon 2027 Join Team Action for Children at the London Marathon and raise vital funds for vulnerable children across the UK. Join a challenge event Sign up to run, walk, swim or take on another challenge. Run for charity We have places in some of the UK's best races. Join us today and help support vulnerable children, young people, and families across the UK. Royal Parks Half Marathon 2026 Take on the Royal Parks Half Marathon and run for charity. By joining Team Action for Children, you could help vulnerable children across the UK. Keep up to date with Action for Children! Sign up to our newsletter Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices