What a day looks like for foster carers Colin and Marie | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content What a day looks like for foster carers Colin and Marie Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer Wednesday 13 May 2026 Colin and Marie have been fostering with Action for Children for 14 years. In this blog, they take us through a day in their lives as foster carers. Having run a church youth group for over 20 years, Colin and Marie have always been passionate about supporting young people . So, when they saw an advert for fostering opportunities in a church magazine, it felt like fate. Colin tells us: "That was it. We decided to give it a try, and here we are 14 years later." Discover fostering with Action for Children A day in the life as foster carers Colin and Marie are currently fostering a 14-year-old and nine-year-old. For them, an average day starts at 7:30am. Once everyone is up and ready, they have breakfast as a family before the school run. Making time to talk with the children and young people in their care is important to the couple. We've found the car one of the best places for them to talk about their past. When they open up, you understand them more and realise why they behave the way they do. Colin Supporting with school Helping the children with their schoolwork is a key part of Colin and Marie’s day, particularly as one child needs additional support with their studies. Marie tells us: "When he first came to us, he found school extremely difficult." We've worked with him and now he's top of his spelling and maths groups. His English is improving too. Marie Foster care training Once a month , the couple take part in Action for Children's training so that they can continue to build their skills, and talk through any support they may need. Colin said: "The formal side of fostering, such as training and assessments, isn't a big part of the day-to-day life." They both find the face-to-face training very beneficial . We go to Action for Children's head office for training. All the foster carers are there, so we get to meet up, swap stories, and have a good laugh. Colin Learn how we’ll support you Family time in the evening At 5:30pm, the family sit down together and use the time to talk about their days, and weekend plans. Marie tells us: "It's just normal family time." The day comes to an end at around 9pm, when the children go to bed. When summarising an average day for a foster carer, Colin tells us: "Our daily routine is typical for most people. It's all about family. " Why choose to foster with us? Learn more Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Fostering Other news What is fostering? Fostering is looking after a child or young person in your home who, for whatever reason, is unable to live with their birth family. Fostering frequently asked questions Becoming a foster carer is a big decision and we're sure that you'll have lots of questions – about eligibility, finances, the process itself or the different types of fostering available. Fostering training You'll receive tailored 24 hour support and training throughout your fostering journey. The fostering process It usually takes around 6-9 months to become an approved foster carer. Learn about each step in the fostering journey and how we'll provide support that is truly shaped around you and your life. Keep up to date with Action for Children! Sign up to our newsletter Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices