5 unique fundraising ideas for charity | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content 5 unique fundraising ideas for charity Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer Monday 16 February 2026 Need some inspiration to kick-start your fundraiser? We've put together some fun and unique ideas to help you get started. 1. Host a games night Social games are a brilliant way of bringing people together, so why not turn play into purpose? Play your favourite board games, organise a gaming live stream, or host your own quiz. Ask your guests to make a donation to take part, or if you're hosting a live steam, encourage viewers to donate. 2. Get crafty with jewellery making Jewellery making is a fun, hands-on and creative activity for all ages. Try crafting beaded necklaces, weaving colourful friendship bracelets, or making charm keyrings. You could even use old fabrics and buttons to give them a new lease of life. Once your creations are ready, sell them online, at school fairs, and at community events to raise money for charity. Discover more unique ways to fundraise (opens in a new tab) 3. Bake cakes and sweet treats Dust off your apron and bake for charity. You could host an afternoon tea with loved ones, or become everyone's favourite co-worker with a bake sale at work. Baking is a fun children's fundraising idea too! Encourage them to hold a bake sale at school, and help them learn the importance of giving back. 4. Get moving for charity Whether you love adrenaline or just enjoy getting active, there're plenty of fun ways to raise money for charity. Organise a football match with your mates, or boogie your way through a dance fitness class - all while asking for donations from participants. For those seeking a thrill, take on a race or skydive , and fundraise along the way. Explore our challenge and events 5. Make every celebration count Celebrating special occasions can be a great way to fundraise and help make a difference. If you're getting married or hosting a special event, set up a charity donation box and encourage your guests to donate. You could even ask for a charity eCard , instead receiving a physical one. Have a fundraising idea? Fill in our form to get your free fundraising pack Register now (opens in a new tab) Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Fundraising Other news Do your own fundraising Got a great fundraising idea? There are many different ways you can raise money for Action for Children. We have lots of charity fundraising ideas to inspire you. How Grace's unique fundraising story made an impact 07 July 2025 Pay in your fundraising Pay in money raised through an event or activity to help children in the UK. Fundraise with us From running a marathon to hosting a bake sale, join or set up an event to have fun and raise money for children Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices