Four ways to volunteer for charity | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Four ways to volunteer for charity Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer Wednesday 03 June 2026 By volunteering with Action for Children, you could make a lasting, positive impact on the lives of vulnerable children and families across the UK. In this blog, we explore four ways you can volunteer for charity, and make a meaningful difference . 1. Join our cheer squad From iconic events like the London Marathon and Great North Run , many people from across the UK take part in our challenge events to raise money for Action for Children. To help our fantastic supporters, we're always on the look out for volunteers to be part of our cheer squad. You'll show your support by cheering them on along the route, and helping out at post-race receptions. It's great fun, and gives our supporters a much needed-boost when it matters most. View our volunteer opportunities And register your interest Action for Children volunteers cheering on our London Marathon 2026 runners. 2. Become a collection tin coordinator As a collection tin coordinator, you'll be able to support Action for Children in a way that fits around your lifestyle. It's a flexible role that involves placing collection tins around your local community, and returning them to us once they're full - it really is that simple. 3. Be an Action for Children speaker As a volunteer speaker, you can help bring our work to life and share our story within local communities. From WI and Rotary Club meetings, visiting small businesses, and attending cheque presentations, you'll play a key role in raising awareness . When you join us as a speaker, we'll support you every step of the way by providing you with training and a template script. 4. Join or set up an Action Squad Action Squads are our community fundraising groups , bringing people together to plan fun and creative activities all-year-round. As a Squad member, you can volunteer at national events or hold talks at schools. You can also organise your own activities, from raffles and quiz nights , bake sales and more. If you enjoy connecting with others or have ideas to share, joining an Action Squad is a fantastic way to get involved in your community. Discover our volunteer roles Explore roles Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Volunteers Other news Volunteer with us Volunteer with Action for Children to learn new skills, meet new people and support your community Start your volunteer journey with us Thinking of volunteering? Explore flexible roles that fit your life and help support children, young people and families. Sign up to get involved. Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices