Women of Influence: Our hall of fame | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Women of Influence: Our hall of fame Rachael Gearon - Digital Content Officer Thursday 26 February 2026 Discover previous winners of our Woman of Influence award ahead of this year's ceremony on 8th March. Our annual Woman of Influence award celebrates the accomplishments of Scottish women who work in a variety of disciplines, such as the arts, law, and science. What is the Woman of Influence Awards? An afternoon centred on honouring women in their respective fields, and raising money for our vital services across the UK. Providing insights into our work supporting vulnerable children and families, attendees have plenty of opportunities to offer support while they enjoy an afternoon of entertainment. Previous Woman of Influence winners 2011-2024 Lorraine Kelly OBE Dr Lesley Orr, Katherine Grainger CBE Kirsty Wark, Linda Urquhart OBE, Lady Susan Haughey CBE, DL Judy Murray OBE Margaret Gibson OBE Sarah Brown Dr Rebecca Wade Eilish McColgan Lisa Tobias Jonquil Hackenberg Last year's Woman of Influence - Jonquil Hackenberg, CEO at the Ellen MacArthur Foundation 2010 We marked the 10th anniversary of the awards, by celebrating the success of ten different women, as seen below: Nicola Benedetti MBE Elaine C Smith Dr Bridget McConnell Sharleen Spiteri Ann Gloag OBE JK Rowling OBE Prof Candace Currie OBE Dr Vera Weisfeld OBE DBA FRSA Baroness Helena Kennedy QC Liz McColgan MBE Book a table Join us for this year's Woman of Influence awards ceremony. More information (opens in a new tab) 2001-2009 The Rt. Hon Baroness Helen Liddell Dr Anna Gregor The Rt. Hon Dame Elish Angiolini Cathy Jamieson MSP Oslem Grimason Maureen Moore OBE Mary McCluskey Olivia Giles OBE Louise Martin CBE See this year's winner in person! Attend the awards This year's ceremony Hosted by Jennifer Reoch, this year's event will feature a live auction courtesy of Alex Fleming. Enjoy a three-course meal, followed by entertainment courtesy of Scotland's own Calum Beattie. Fresh off a headline show at Glasgow's OVO Hydro Arena, he'll be sure to thrill with original songs. It isn't one to miss! Enquire today . Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Events Other news Woman of Influence Awards Each year, the WOI board and Action for Children gather to celebrate inspirational women across Scotland. Find out about the event and how you can attend. Fundraise with us From running a marathon to hosting a bake sale, join or set up an event to have fun and raise money for children Campaign with us Join us, take a stand and raise your voice for better and brighter childhoods Spring Lunch Join us at our exclusive Spring Lunch event for 2026 for an afternoon of fine dining and fashion. Want to hear more about our events? Sign up to our newsletter Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices