Arosfa Short Breaks | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Arosfa Disability Short Breaks Within the local authority of Flintshire Arosfa Short Breaks Service sits proudly in the Mold community in Flintshire and provides respite care for children and young people Darllenwch y dudalen hon yn Gymraeg Young people can stay at Arosfa from the age of eight years up to their 19th birthday, giving them a high-quality break from home and their families much needed rest. Many of the children we support have substantial and highly complex needs and playing outside benefits their health, wellbeing and development. The recently developed sensory garden at Arosfa provides a safe space for children to play and support the development of a variety of skills such as hand-to-eye coordination and social interaction. These skills give this group of children the opportunity to explore and gain independence, whilst providing them with a sense of control. We pride ourselves on providing a home from home for our children and young people. Our well-equipped and peaceful setting gives parents complete peace of mind while their children enjoy an ‘Arosfa sleepover.’ Seibiannau Byr Anabledd Arosfa Yn awdurdod lleol Sir y Fflint Mae Gwasanaeth Seibiannau Byr Arosfa yn falch o’i leoliad yng nghalon cymuned yr Wyddgrug yn Sir y Fflint, lle mae’n darparu gofal seibiant i blant a phobl ifanc. Gall pobl ifanc rhwng wyth ac 19 oed aros yn Arosfa, lle cynigir seibiant o ansawdd uchel iddynt ac egwyl haeddiannol i’w teuluoedd. Mae gan lawer o’r plant rydym yn eu derbyn anghenion sylweddol a chymhleth ac mae chwarae yn yr awyr agored o fudd i’w hiechyd, eu llesiant a’u datblygiad. Mae’r ardd synhwyraidd a ddatblygwyd yn Arosfa’n ddiweddar yn ofod chwarae diogel i blant ac mae’n annog datblygiad amrywiaeth o sgiliau fel cydlyniad llaw-i’r-llygad a rhyngweithio cymdeithasol. Mae’r sgiliau hyn yn gyfle i’r plant i archwilio a chael annibyniaeth, gan roi ymdeimlad o reolaeth iddynt. Rydym yn falch ein bod yn gallu darparu amgylchedd cartrefol i’n plant a’n pobl ifanc. Mae ein lleoliad yn cynnwys yr holl gyfarpar angenrheidiol ac mae’n gartref heddychlon sy’n rhoi tawelwch meddwl i’r rhieni tra bydd eu plant yn mwynhau ‘aros yn Arosfa’. Download Arosfa Datganiad Blynyddol – Cymraeg Download Arosfa Annual Return - English Service details Service name Arosfa Disability Short Breaks Service type Disability, Residential care Phone 01352 700127 Email walesresidentialreferrals@actionforchildren.org.uk Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices