Boycott your Bed resources | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Boycott your Bed resources Here you can find downloadable resources to support your Boycott your Bed fundraising such as invitations, social media posts and email signatures. If you have any questions, or would like any support at all, please get in touch at boycottyourbed@actionforchildren.org.uk . We’re here to help every step of the way! Welcome pack Our Welcome Pack is crammed full of fundraising ideas and inspiration - everything you need to get you started on your Boycott your Bed journey Download Boycott your Bed 2026 Digital Welcome Pack Registration guide We’ve created a step-by-step guide to help you register and set up your fundraising page. Download Boycott your Bed 2026 Registation Guide Social media and emails Use these assets to tell more people about Boycott Your Bed on your social media channels, and in your email signature. Download Boycott your Bed banner Download Boycott your Bed square Download Boycott your Bed 2026 email banner Flyer Our flyer will help you spread the word! Download Boycott your Bed poster - All Locations Location posters Need to showcase a specific sleepout? We've got your covered with a poster per location. Download Boycott your Bed poster - Glasgow Download Boycott your Bed poster - Leeds Download Boycott your Bed poster - London Download Boycott your Bed poster - Manchester Fundraising inspiration Take inspiration from these fun sweepstakes to boost your fundraising! Download Sweet treat sweepstake Download Sport sweepstake Download A-Z Fundraising Guide Looking for an extra challenge? If sleeping out isn't a big enough challenge, why not take part in one of our sports challenges to support your fundraising for Boycott your Bed? Download Glasgow Challenge Events Calendar 2026 Download Leeds Challenge Events Calendar 2026 Download London Challenge Events Calendar 2026 Download Manchester Challenge Events Calendar 2026 Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Seven ways to make your online fundraising page stand out and increase donations 06 December 2024 Boycott your Bed Give up your bed for one night and help raise vital funds for vulnerable children living in poverty. Boycott Your Bed Frequently Asked Questions Boycott your Bed frequently asked questions Boycott your Bed: An interview with founder, Ken Deeks 15 April 2024 Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices