Early years | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Early years Our whole-family support helps give children the best start in life Need support? Our parenting programmes support families and care-givers around the UK Parenting support In the early years of a child’s life, we focus on giving them the foundations they need to thrive. We run more than 60 children's centres and family hubs all over the UK. They give parents the support they need to respond to their children’s needs, from pregnancy to early years. They also support children and families living with a range of issues, from poverty to domestic abuse. Our centres work with local partners to offer health visitor services, speech therapy, or access to midwives. They run classes for parents, as well as play groups and support sessions. We're here for children, but we support families and local communities, too. We helped more than 484,650 children, young people and families through our family support services in 2024/25 The Covid-19 pandemic has changed lives across the world. And we have remained committed to supporting families to the best of our ability. Our new briefing documents how we adapted our early years services during 2020. It explores the advantages and limitations of delivering support virtually. We also offer more help online. Our Parent Talk website offers free, down-to-earth advice for parents of children aged 0-19. And parents can chat to a parenting coach directly. 90% of parents rate the service four or five out of five. Our family support services , including our online Parent Talk service, contributed to helping a total of 551,400 children, young people and families in 2024/25. Building Babies Brains programme We believe it takes a village to raise a child . Our Building Babies Brains progamme is a community-based initiative that empowers people to share important information about early brain development. We do this by bringing together local people - known as our Community Champions - who work with parents and infants. Together, they share knowledge on how a baby's brain develops in the first 1,001 days of their life. Through collaboration and relationship-building, our Community Champions will then share their learnings with parents and carers in their community. Our Building Babies Brains programme has been running for seven years , with over 400 champions trained. It is based on the Diffusions of Innovation theory, which looks at how information is shared. This helps us to ensure that key information is passed on to large numbers of people, including parents and cares. Our champions include: breast feeding peer supporters. baby and toddler group leaders. children's librarians. baby massage facilitators. baby room leads in nurseries. baby health staff. Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Get parenting support We're here to help you with a whole range of parenting questions - from potty training to fostering Make a donation There are lots of ways to give - from donating online to leaving a gift in your will or paying in fundraising Find our services near you Find services and support in your area and online. We're here when you need us, in the way that best works for you Our work around the UK Find out how we support families, children and young people in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland Keep up to date with Action for Children! Sign up to our newsletter Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices