Jobs | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Work with us See how you can make a difference Search for a role (opens in a new tab) On this page: Apply for a role | Staff benefits | Supporting you to apply for a role | Contact us The difference is what you do Whatever your expertise, experience, job title or department – at Action for Children, what you do makes a difference. Join us and you’ll be part of a team dedicated to giving children safe and happy childhoods, creating an inclusive environment and helping solve the problems children and young people face every day. Thinking of joining us? Search for a role (opens in a new tab) Driven by love, we take action for children Watch "Action for Children’s story I Driven by love, we take action for children" on YouTube Watch our new brand film, Driven by Love Staff benefits Pay, pension, and discounts Money matters. And so does planning for the future. That’s why we offer: A competitive salary – based on defined job roles and grades. A contribution scheme pension where we match up to a maximum of 7% employee contributions. Our pension offer also includes a death in service benefit. Competitive sleep in and on call allowance package. Blue Light Card eligibility, with discounts on over 18,000 brands online and on the high street. Free parking, where available. Time off We know that people need time away from work, whether that’s for illness, caring commitments, or to just rest and have fun. That’s why we offer: A minimum of 29 days (pro-rata) annual leave. That’s as well as public/bank holidays. And after five years continuous service, that increases to 34 days of leave per year. The chance to buy and sell annual leave. Three days Dependency Leave, for if you unexpectedly need to look after someone in your care. Bereavement Leave. Flexible parental and adoption leave packages. A day of paid Volunteer Leave. "In terms of their support for people who might be having issues outside of work, for example, with carers leave and compassionate leave, Action for Children is one of the best companies I’ve worked for." Mental health and wellbeing We’re not a ‘just work through your lunch break’ kind of place. We’ll do everything we can to support better mental health at work and contribute to the wellbeing of everyone who works here. Here’s just some of the ways we do that: A cycle to work scheme. Free eye tests. An independent confidential counselling and advice service. Mental Health first aiders. Flexible working – for us, this means working with you to make your job fit into your life as best as possible, whether that’s location or hours. "The support from my line manager has been exceptional - better than I've ever experienced in previous jobs. I enjoy the various talks and webinars that have been on since I've been here; I've found them very interesting." -Alastair Gartenberg, Family Support Practitioner, West Lothian Outreach Housing Support. Learning and development We know you’ll have big ambitions for your future. That’s why we help you get there by offering: Regular one-to-ones with your manager, as well as setting meaningful and achievable objectives. Access to funded qualifications through Action for Children, including Diplomas, Apprenticeships, and SVQs. Subject areas include health and social care, early years, residential care, and leadership. Courses and resources for our management staff, including topics like effective communication, team building, and coaching. Access to more than 100 online learning courses. Diversity and inclusion Diversity and inclusion isn’t just a policy document for us. It’s woven into everything we do. So, as well as upholding equality, valuing diversity and working inclusively across our entire organisation: We’re proud to be a disability confident employer. We’ve made a commitment to be an anti-racist organisation, implementing an organisation-wide terminology guide as well as training for managers and new starters. We’re part of the Care Leaver Covenant, a national inclusion programme that supports care leavers aged 16-25 to live independently and access work. We recruit internal Inclusion Champions, acting as ambassadors within their department or location. We are committed to reducing our gender pay gap. We have over 10 Staff Inclusion Networks, covering LGBTQ+, racial, disability, and gender equality issues, as well as groups to support homeworkers, working parents, and people experiencing menopause. And that’s on top of our faith-based networks, and our group commitment to climate change action. Find out more about how we're ensuring a diverse organisation. Staff stories Action for Children staff share a glimpse into their roles Read more Supporting you to apply for a role We're committed to employing a diverse workforce and will offer an interview to applicants with a disability or health condition who meet the minimum criteria for the job. Please email RecruitmentService@actionforchildren.org.uk and a member of our team will be happy to help you. As part of our promise as a Care Leaver Friendly Employer, we offer a guaranteed interview and constructive feedback to applicants who identify as care experienced and who meet the minimum criteria for the role. We also guarantee an interview to anyone currently volunteering with us who applies for a role and meets the minimum requirements. Download View our Applicants Guide Right to work Unfortunately, we're not able to provide sponsorship for any of our vacancies. You must have the right to work in the UK before applying for a role. Visit gov.uk for further guidance on right to work in the UK Prove your right to work to an employer (opens in a new tab) Interested in working with us? Our Recruitment Service team is here to help and guide our applicants through the process. Email us at RecruitmentService@actionforchildren.org.uk or call 01923 378608 for any recruitment related queries. Thinking of joining us? Search for a role (opens in a new tab) Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Staff Stories Read our staff stories and meet some of our remarkable team. Volunteer with us Volunteer with Action for Children to learn new skills, meet new people and support your community Our people Meet our family of leaders, trustees, volunteers and ambassadors A day in the life of a carer in an Action for Children home 20 September 2024 We're always looking for talented people. Find your next job Search for a role (opens in a new tab) Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices