Our impact | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Our impact Every child should grow up safe and happy. We offer support to help them thrive – and step in to help when times get tough We work to improve the lives of children, young people, and families in the UK. We do this by building solid foundations and spotting problems early. This means parenting classes, nurseries, and children’s centres. It’s providing breaks for young carers, and extra help for disabled children. It’s supporting young people at risk of homelessness. We bring mental health workshops to schools. We’re there for parents who need advice and support children at risk of criminal exploitation. We find foster homes for children in need of a loving family. And we campaign for lasting change. We're a vital lifeline for children and families. The difference you help us make We’ve been helping children for more than 150 years . Today, we have 342 services across the UK, in local communities, in schools and online. In 2024/25, we helped 551,400 children, young people and families . This included 484,650 families through our family support services. This was only possible with your support. Our impact in numbers We measure our impact every year. Here are some of the ways we're changing lives of children, young people and families. Last year, we helped 50,869 children and young people with their mental health and wellbeing. We delivered our internationally acclaimed The Blues Programme across all nations of the UK. Our Bouncing Back Programme helped 4,276 children and young people. 87% of young people who took part in Bouncing Back said they felt more confident. We continued with our strategic priority of opening more homes for children who need them. We now run 32 homes for children and young people - 16 homes for children in care and 16 long stay homes for disabled children and young people. 548 children's home staff supported 122 children and young people across 841,000 hours. We launched our Family Clubs across the UK. Funded by Nationwide Building Society, our Family Clubs give families a safe space to seek professional support, and share experiences with others. Our target was to launch 10 Family Clubs, but we exceeded that by delivering 28 in total . 89% of families were managing better financially with our support. Children in your local area are in crisis. Can you help? Monthly One off £5 £10 £15 Other £10 a month could pay for nappies and wipes for a baby or toddler for a week. Donate £10 a month Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Where your money goes Find out how we use your donations to make the greatest impact on children’s lives Real-life stories We've helped countless children, young people and families to overcome challenges. Read some of their stories Leave a gift in your will A gift in your will could help transform a child's life. Find out how you can make a difference. Campaign with us Join us, take a stand and raise your voice for better and brighter childhoods Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices