Young carers | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Young carers We can’t take away a parent’s illness, but we can give young carers a break. Our services help young people balance caring with being a child A young carer is someone under 18 who looks after a parent or another family member. They take on physical and emotional duties that adults usually handle. It can feel scary and isolating. Our support helps young carers come to terms with their parent's or other family member’s illness or condition. We teach them how to cope, and guide them to build positive relationships outside the family. We help young carers plan for the future, by making sure they can access adult services when they’re 18. We know we can call our support worker anytime, and Marissa has really enjoyed the trips they organise because she gets to meet other children in her situation. I honestly don’t know where we’d be without Action for Children. Suzanna, parent of young carer Marissa Breaks for carers We make sure young carers get regular breaks, and can join in fun activities with other young people. Events, outings and meet-ups are chance to pause responsibilities and enjoy being a child for a few hours. This is really important to resilience and mental wellbeing. We offer practical and emotional support to ensure young carers enjoy and achieve, just like their peers. Family support We include parents and families in the needs assessment, and make sure they can access advice, support and signposting. This helps ease the pressure on young carers. We also run events for parents, and outings families can enjoy together. Sidekick Sidekick is an anonymous and confidential text service for young carers aged 13-18 in the UK. Young people can message any time, about anything that's bothering them. Our friendly team will find the answer and reply within 24 hours. Many young carers aren’t getting help because they don’t know they are carers. With Sidekick, we’re bridging that gap – offering support beyond existing services. Visit Sidekick (opens in a new tab) Working with others We work in partnership with schools, social care, health services, GPs and voluntary sector organisations to make sure young carers know what support is out there. This early identification means they know someone is looking out for them – they don’t have to cope alone. We support teachers and schools working with young carers. And we play a role in advocacy and awareness raising. Help give young carers a childhood Access to family help makes a real difference to the children we help Donate today Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Our impact How we’re changing lives for children, young people and families across the UK Mental health and wellbeing Discover our mental health programmes for children and families Partner with us Your business has the power to make a difference. Become a corporate partner or join an exclusive event Find our services near you Find services and support in your area and online. We're here when you need us, in the way that best works for you Are you a young carer in the UK? Get confidential support Visit Sidekick Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices