How the Celebrate network supports LGBTQ+ colleagues at Action for Children | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content How the Celebrate network supports LGBTQ+ colleagues Claire Cahill - Operational Director of Children's Services Wednesday 10 June 2026 This Pride Month, staff member and co-chair of the Celebrate network, Claire Cahill, shares how the network supports LGBTQ+ colleagues at Action for Children. What is the Celebrate network? The Celebrate network exists to promote a safe , inclusive , and diverse working environment . It's about making sure LGBTQ+ colleagues feel comfortable being themselves at work , while creating a space where people can share experiences, news and support . The network also plays an important role in making sure policies are inclusive, and offers training to help colleagues across the organisation in becoming strong allies. Thinking of joining us? Search for a role (opens in a new tab) Looking back at Celebrate’s early days The Celebrate network started 10 years ago , and was the first network to form at Action for Children. We always made sure someone from the Senior Leadership team was involved, as we know that strong role modelling from the top is so important. To help us shape the network, we spent time learning from others outside of Action for Children, using their experiences to guide our own goals and approach. Our early focus was around gaining members, but this importantly included allies as well. View our staff benefits How we've grown as a network Since the early days, we now have many staff networks at Action for Children, meaning we're no longer working in isolation . We regularly work together to support the organisation’s Equality, Diversity, and Inclusion (EDI) journey . Members of the Celebrate network meet quarterly , and have opportunities to attend webinars , and take part in lunch and learns sessions . As co-chair of Celebrate, I'm incredibly proud of what we've achieved, and the path we've created. We also have a supportive Teams channel where members can share information about events , useful resources , and recommendations for reading and podcasts . One of the biggest network strengths is the space it offers for people to learn from the experiences of others, and access confidential support when they need it. Since the beginning, the Celebrate network has promoted inclusivity and equality at Action for Children. And through the efforts of people like Claire, LGBTQ+ colleagues across the organisation have received invaluable support, advice, and advocacy. We look forward to seeing the continued work Celebrate does so that everyone feels valued and respected. Thinking of joining us? Search for a role (opens in a new tab) Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Staff Other news How Corinna Laing's childhood shaped her career 05 February 2024 Anne Marie's journey as an Action for Children apprentice 13 February 2024 A week in the life of a Service Coordinator 10 November 2023 Jobs Search our careers site to find a role to suit you Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices