Neglect and abuse | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Neglect and abuse Neglect is one of the most common forms of child abuse – it affects one in 10 children in the UK. We’re giving parents the power to change this Children need food, clothing, and shelter. They need to be protected from danger. It’s up to adults to make sure children and young people have these basics, yet so many go without. That’s neglect. My support practitioner from Action for Children was a godsend. Without her, my kids would be in care and I wouldn’t be here. She really did save my life. The children aren’t walking on eggshells or living in fear. They’re a lot happier and more confident. Laura Neglect robs children of their childhood and makes them feel invisible. In the worst cases, children die. Yet parents don’t always spot the problems. And too often, families are ignored until they hit crisis. The Family Partners programme is our groundbreaking solution. It gets help to parents early, and gives them life-changing skills and support. The Family Partners Programme Family Partners is an intensive support service delivered in the home over 22 weeks. It helps families prevent and reverse child neglect. It does this by teaching positive change. We work with parents to overcome their difficulties. 81% of parents say they feel more confident after completing the programme. Children’s behaviour improves, too. A lot of parents don’t recognise that they’re neglecting their children. Often, they’re replicating what they saw when they were growing up and they don’t realise there are better ways they could be parenting. Support practitioner, Family Partners Neglect often isn’t intentional. It can be a consequence of other issues, such as mental health problems, domestic abuse or money and housing worries. We help to tackle these underlying problems as well. Our support practitioners are key to the programme’s success. They also signpost to universal and community services to help sustain long-term change. Dartington Social Research Unit evaluated our programme. It found that after six months, 100% of families keep the positive skills and life choices they learn. But the biggest success is the impact on young people’s lives. It makes home a healthier, happier and safer place. It gives children their childhoods back. Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Campaign with us Join us, take a stand and raise your voice for better and brighter childhoods Partner with us Your business has the power to make a difference. Become a corporate partner or join an exclusive event Fundraise with us From running a marathon to hosting a bake sale, join or set up an event to have fun and raise money for children Where your money goes Find out how we use your donations to make the greatest impact on children’s lives Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices