Take part in the UK's biggest charity runs | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Take part in the UK's biggest charity runs Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer Thursday 30 April 2026 Feeling inspired by the London Marathon? You can still take part in some of the UK's biggest races. Running for charity is a great way to stay active, while raising money for a meaningful cause. Whether you're just starting out or aiming for a personal best, there are plenty of races across the country to get involved in. Browse our upcoming charity events, dust off your running trainers and join team Action for Children. Looking for an event? Explore our charity runs and take on a challenge event for Action for Children Run for charity Charity runs Inflatable 5k Bounce and laugh your way to the finish line on the world's biggest inflatable 5k obstacle course race - all while raising vital funds for Action for Children. This event takes place at multiple locations and dates across the UK. Find out more Great North Run On Sunday 13 September 2026 , run from the heart of Newcastle upon Tyne to South Shields in the Great North Run half marathon. Whether you secure a charity place with us or already have a ballot place , you can still run and support of our cause. Find out more Cardiff Half Marathon Run Wales’ biggest running event on Sunday 4 October 2026 . Take in iconic sights like Cardiff Castle and the Principality Stadium, all while raising money for a great cause. Find out more Bedford Running Festival Taking place on 5-6 September 2026 , Bedford Running Festival is a fun and inclusive event, offering a range of distances for all ages and abilities. Find out more Royal Parks Half Marathon On Sunday 11 October 2026 , participate in London's greenest half marathon around four of London’s iconic Royal Parks - Hyde Park, Green Park, St James’ Park, and Kensington Gardens. Taking part in this challenge is not only an incredible personal achievement, but you’ll also be supporting an important cause . Find out more Feeling inspired? Explore our charity runs and take on a challenge event for Action for Children Run for charity Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices