Blog | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Blog Read about our services, campaigns and the people we help, and get the latest on policies affecting children and young people Filter by type Blog Policy Press release Story Filter by topic Abuse and neglect Campaigns Children in care Criminal exploitation Disabilities Domestic abuse Early years Events Fostering Fundraising Homelessness Mental health Parenting Poverty Race Services Staff Supporters Volunteers Young carers Young people Filter The Milburn Review interim report: our analysis Our Senior Policy Advisor, Scott Compton, explores where the Milburn Review is strongest, and where it falls short on welfare. Scott Compton - Senior Policy Advisor 19 June 2026 How the Celebrate network supports LGBTQ+ colleagues Learn how the Celebrate network supports LGBTQ+ colleagues at Action for Children, as shared by co-chair Claire Cahill. Claire Cahill - Operational Director of Children's Services 10 June 2026 Updated child poverty statistics 2024-25 Every March, the official UK child poverty figures are updated. We break down the stats from 2024-25, which shows 27% of all children living in poverty. Rachael Gearon - Digital Content Officer 08 June 2026 Four ways to volunteer for charity Looking to make a difference? Explore four ways to volunteer with Action for Children and support vulnerable children and families across the UK. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 03 June 2026 Create lasting change for children by leaving a gift in your will Discover our heritage and why leaving a gift in your will can make a lasting difference for children today, and for generations to come. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 01 June 2026 What a day looks like for foster carers Colin and Marie After 14 years of fostering with Action for Children, Colin and Marie share a glimpse into their daily life as foster carers. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 13 May 2026 Take part in the UK's biggest charity runs Discover charity runs across the UK and get involved. Stay active, challenge yourself and raise money for a meaningful cause. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 30 April 2026 Inspired to take on a challenge? Hear from our London Marathon runners Meet Sam and Sebastian, two of our London Marathon runners whose inspiring stories might encourage you to take on your own challenge. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 27 April 2026 The National Lottery Community Fund: supporting criminally exploited children Discover how almost £5 million from The National Lottery Community Fund will help us support more children and young people at risk of criminal exploitation. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 23 March 2026 Calling for more support on Young Carers Action Day On Young Carers Action Day, Action for Children Northern Ireland is calling for more recognition and support for young carers. Rachael Gearon - Digital Content Officer 11 March 2026 Mother’s Day charity gift ideas: our top picks Looking for a meaningful Mother’s Day gift? Choose a charity gift that gives back and supports a vulnerable child Rachael Gearon - Digital Content Officer 04 March 2026 Women of Influence: Our hall of fame Discover previous winners of our Woman of Influence award ahead of this year's ceremony on 6th March, raising vital funds for our services across the UK. Rachael Gearon - Digital Content Officer 26 February 2026 5 unique fundraising ideas for charity Need inspiration to kick-start your fundraiser? Explore fun and unique fundraising ideas to help you get started and make a real impact. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 16 February 2026 Supporting early years development with Early Years Practitioner, Jerome Only 2% of Early Years professionals in England are men. In this blog, Early Years Practitioner Jerome from Action for Children’s Spring Nurseries shares what a typical day looks like and why he loves his role. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 02 February 2026 Thank you Secret Santas: Celebrating eight years of our Christmas appeal Celebrate 8 years of our Secret Santa charity Christmas appeal. Explore campaign milestones, impact, and how your generous donations could make a difference. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 29 December 2025 Celebrities support Action for Children this Christmas - why it matters Discover how celebrity supporters are helping raise awareness of Action for Children. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 19 December 2025 Unwanted Christmas gifts: how to give a gift that matters! Last year, an estimated £1.2 billion was spent in the UK on unwanted Christmas gifts - avoid giving presents that go to waste by joining our charity appeal. Rachael Gearon - Digital Content Officer 18 December 2025 Make your Christmas wish list count for children like Joel One small change to your Christmas wish list could bring hope to vulnerable children. Make this festive season brighter for those who need it most. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 15 December 2025 Why Thomas’ story proves the best gifts can’t be wrapped This Christmas, many families struggle instead of celebrate. Discover Thomas’ story and see how your generosity can bring hope when it’s needed most. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 12 December 2025 The hidden cost of Christmas Christmas is harder for some families than others. When budgets are already tight, it can be difficult to make money stretch - but you could change that. Rachael Gearon - Digital Content Officer 11 December 2025 Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices