Get your will written for free | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Our will-writing partner As a valued Action for Children supporter, you can have your will written for free, with our will writing partner Farewill. You can use this free service whether or not you include Action for Children in your will. But a gift of any size would make a difference. You have the choice to write your will online, or a specialist can phone you. Get your free will now or read on for more details. Make a will online You could write your will online in a few easy steps with our partner Farewill, the UK's number one online will-writing service. You can write your will in as little as 15 minutes, with live, online support from specialists. Find out more Alternatively, if you would prefer not to use the free will service, you can find a local solicitor by visiting The Law Society . How do I leave a gift in my will? Whether you choose to write your will using our trusted online will provider or a private solicitor - you will be given guidance throughout the process. When writing your will online with Farewill, you will be asked if you would like to leave a gift to charity. You can then decide if you would like to leave a specific amount of money or a percentage of your estate. And they will take care of the rest. We always recommend you think of friends and family first, and get independent legal advice. If you change your mind, you can remove Action for Children from your will easily at any time. You don’t have to tell us. I have been a supporter of Action for Children for over 50 years – I first started as a girl selling sunny smiles. I have seen first hand the effects of child abuse, poverty and disability on children and their families as a children’s nurse and realise the importance of the work of Action for Children. I am happy to leave a legacy in my will to continue helping those who need it most. Elizabeth, Action for Children Legacy Pledger About Farewill Where does the organisation cover? Farewill’s online will-writing services cover England and Wales. There are phone options for Scotland and Northern Ireland. Visit https://farewill.com/afc-phone for more information. How does it work? Farewill guide you step-by-step through a series of questions so they can create your personalised will. How are the wills written? Farewill work with expert legal advisors to make sure they use the latest in legal precedents in all their wills. Based on the information you enter on the site, they personalise your will to you and draft it with the same structure and content lawyers use. How long does it take? Most people finish in 10-15 minutes, although it’s recommended you take your time to fully understand everything. If you need more time, pause and come back. Your information will still be there. What is covered in the Farewill free will offer? This offer will cover the cost of having your will written and made legally binding. There is an optional £10 per year fee to have unlimited access to update your will. You can opt into and out of this service. Farewill are not yet able to provide wills to the following groups of people: People with disabled dependants. People who want to set up trusts mitigating their inheritance tax liability. People with significant estates outside of the UK. People who lack testamentary capacity. People who are blind, illiterate, or significantly visually impaired. People domiciled outside of England or Wales. How do you make your will legally binding? For a will to be legally binding, it must be written down and signed by the person whose will it is and two witnesses. Once this is done, it is legally valid. There are four important criteria that all valid wills must meet: The person making the will must be over 18, not under any undue influence, and have "testamentary capacity". The will must be properly written and formatted. The will must be signed by the person making the will and two witnesses (ordinary people, not solicitors). The person making the will must understand what is in it, the effect that it will have, and approve of its content. How should you store your will? You can store a will in your own home, or pay for a will storage service. If you keep it at home, put it somewhere safe and make sure you tell your executors where it is. Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Leave a gift in your will A gift in your will could help transform a child's life. Find out how you can make a difference. Gifts in wills information pack Get our free information pack about leaving a charity gift in your will Shining a light on Lillian's story 08 September 2023 Leave a gift in your will Read our step by step guide to leaving a gift in your will. Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices