Honouring our Heritage: Why gift in wills leave a lasting legacy | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Create lasting change for children by leaving a gift in your will Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer Monday 01 June 2026 In this blog, we reflect on our heritage, and explore why leaving a gift in your will could create lasting change for children. Our history 1 1869 Reverend Dr Thomas Bowman Stephenson saw two young boys, Fred and George, living rough under the arches of Waterloo Station. Moved by their situation, he chose to act. 2 1871 Dr Stephenson opened the National Children’s Home in London, a safe place for vulnerable children in a time of poverty. It marked the beginning of what would become Action for Children. 3 2026 We’ve been helping children and families for more than 150 years. In 2024/25 we helped 551,400 children, young people and families. This was only possible with your support. Your legacy could transform a child's life Leave a gift in your will Celebrating our heritage Today, we continue to honour our heritage by creating lasting change . We've always been a charity committed to taking action for children . That's why it became our name. Since the very beginning, we've campaigned tirelessly to give children the opportunities they need to thrive. In 2025, we launched Paying the Price , a campaign which helped to lift 350,000 children out of poverty. Without the incredible help of our supporters, we wouldn't be able to carry on with our mission. By leaving a gift in your will , you can support the vulnerable children and families we work with today and for generations to come. Our legacy supporters: Lilian’s story Lilian dedicated her career to supporting children. After becoming ordained and joining the sisterhood in 1963, she began working at one of our children’s homes . Lilian had a remarkable impact on the children she looked after. And after leaving a gift in her will, continues to help children to this day . My Aunt always talked fondly about her time working for the National Children’s Homes. Throughout her life she always cared for the children she met. Hilary, Lilian’s niece Thanks to Lilian’s gift in her will , we can continue to take action so that children don't miss out on a safe and happy childhood. Not sure where to start? Get your free will offer Make your legacy count If you would like to learn more about leaving your own legacy gift to Action for Children, email us at giftsinwills@actionforchildren.org.uk . Leave a gift in your will Your legacy could transform a child's life Find out more today (opens in a new tab) Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Other news Honouring our heritage For 150 years we've been helping vulnerable children, young people, and families. It all began when Methodist minister, Reverend Dr Thomas Bowman Stephenson, found two boys sheltering under the arches of Waterloo Station. Apply here Get your free will now Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices