Action for Children Fostering | What is fostering? | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content What is fostering? Fostering is looking after a child or young person in your home who, for whatever reason, is unable to live with their birth family. Fostering is life-changing and life-enhancing. It’s one of the most rewarding things you could ever do. Foster carers come from all walks of life and all different circumstances. You can be married, single or somewhere in between. A homeowner or a tenant. With children, no children or a house full of pets. You don’t need to be perfect to be a good foster carer - you just need to be you. Who you are is just what they need. Fostering is a self-employed arrangement with either your local authority or an independent fostering agency. Foster carers need to register as self-employed and submit annual tax returns. Foster carers receive fostering payments made up of a fee and an allowance from their agency or local authority. Find out more about being self employed . Fostering is a full-time role but, in some circumstances, foster carers are able to undertake additional work outside of fostering. Foster carers are skilled and professional individuals. Can I work and foster ? Becoming a foster carer To become a foster carer you need to be over 21 years of age, have a spare room and be a permanent resident with the right to work in the UK. There are some other requirements depending on your individual situation and we’d be happy to discuss these with you. Foster carers look after children on behalf of the local authority. They do not have parental responsibility for their foster child. When a child becomes a cared for child by the local authority, the local authority shares parental responsibility with the birth parents and delegates day to day decision making to the foster carer. At Action for Children Fostering we recognise that being a foster carer is a huge commitment. A foster carer needs to be able to dedicate time to their foster child and be there for them when needed. We look at our foster carers’ individual circumstances, as well as the young person’s, to ensure a fit that’s right for everyone. The process and timescales It usually takes around 6-9 months to become a foster carer. Action for Children Fostering typically uses a three-step process following your initial enquiry. We’ll visit you and get to know you better and answer any questions you may have. There’s an application form for you to complete as well as mandatory checks and references. You’ll also have to attend a three day Skills to Foster course. Once all this is completed, we’ll attend a panel meeting together and then ask for approval from our agency decision maker. We’ll aim to pair you and a child as soon as your assessment is approved. . Find out more about the process . Why is there a need for fostering? Over 30,000 children enter the care system every year and there simply aren’t enough fostering families to take care of them. Children and young people need fostering for lots of different reasons. Many of the children and young people in our care have experienced trauma in their childhood. This could be due to abuse, neglect or exploitation. They need a lot of love and support and a safe place to go, even if just for a short time. A foster carer will need tailored support and training to best meet the ongoing needs of the young person in their care. Types of fostering There are lots of different types of fostering arrangements and foster carers can choose which type suits them best. From emergency overnight fostering to long-term into adult fostering, we can find a fostering arrangement that works best for you and your family. Find out more about the types of fostering . Why foster? Fostering changes lives. Fostering a child is more than just giving them a home. It can be the turning point in their life. Giving them the care, confidence and stability they need to thrive. As a foster carer you’ll be able to see the impact that your care has on a young person. Knowing that you are instrumental in helping them to thrive and reach their potential is hugely rewarding and something to be immensely proud of. Fostering can be extremely rewarding but it can also have many challenges. We provide full training and offer 24/7 professional support that is truly shaped around our foster carers’ lives. We look after them so that they can look after the young people who need them. Chat with your local team We have offices across the UK in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. Contact someone local to you by text, WhatsApp, email or phone. Whatever works best for you. Your local team Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices