Boycott your Bed FAQs | Action for Children | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Boycott Your Bed Frequently Asked Questions Register now (opens in a new tab) Why take part? What will Action for Children do with the money I raise? Action for Children’s vision is for every child in the UK to have a safe and happy childhood and the foundations they need to thrive. We protect and support children and young people by providing practical and emotional care , and support . And we campaign to bring lasting improvements to their lives. For information on more specific projects and services, visit 'our work and impact' . Teams and Captains What is the difference between a team member and team captain? Team captains are responsible for recruiting team members, ensuring they're registered and creating the fundraising team on the registration platform. They encourage the team to meet it's fundraising target. Team members are part of a team participating in Boycott your Bed. Team members can still register even if their team captain is not yet confirmed. How big does my team need to be? There are no minimum or maximum limits on team-sizes, but we do like to go by ‘the more, the merrier!’ Can I create a team of friends, or do they need to be corporates? As this is a corporate networking event, we encourage you to bring along a team of colleagues. However, we welcome anyone to take part in Boycott your Bed. Do my team all have to attend the same location? We ask that teams attend the same event, however, you can create multiple teams within your company to take part in sleep outs across different regions. There'll also be some interactive moments on the night bringing everyone together! Logistics Will there be toilets on-site? Toilets with handwashing facilities (either running water or antibacterial hand gel) will be accessible at each event. Will food and drink be provided? A hot meal will be provided during the indoor reception. There will also be a snack station with a variety of food options to purchase, in return for a donation or a pizza auction - depending on location. Breakfast will be provided on Saturday morning before sleepers head home. A bar will be available during the indoor reception with soft drinks, wine, beer and cider. No spirits will be available. We encourage participants to bear in mind the nature of the event and the prolonged outdoor exposure and drink sensibly. Drinkaware have more information on the effects of drinking alcohol and cold weather . What should I bring with me? We recommend that all sleepers bring: Warm clothes in layers - woolly hat and gloves are advised. Branded beanies will be available to buy at the indoor reception A sleeping bag A torch A refillable water bottle A small pillow (optional) Tarpaulin (optional) We will provide each sleeper with a safety kit which will include a foil bag and poncho to keep you dry. Can I withdraw at a later date if I’m unable to take part? Yes. Although we’ll be sad to see you go, there’s always a drop out option for those who need it. If you’ve signed up but are unable to take part, please let us know by completing the form . Can under-18s participate? Due to the nature of the event, it's for over-18s only . Will there be an opportunity to take part virtually? Unfortunately not, as this is a live event . Is there an opportunity to network with other corporates? Yes. Before participants sleep out, there'll be an indoor event with networking, food and drinks. Safety Sleeper Safety is our upmost priority at Boycott your Bed. Detailed Safety Guidelines will be available for all Sleepers closer to the sleepout. Fundraising How do I set up my fundraising page? We've changed platform! Soon, you'll be able to register on our Emma Live page, where you'll be prompted to create your own fundraising page. It's as easy as that. Please use the following guide to help you set-up your page: Registration guide How much do I have to fundraise? While there's no minimum fundraising amount, we recommend that all participants should have a fundraising target of at least £500 . Will someone be able to help me with fundraising ideas? Always! There will be ideas and resources available in our emails , on our website and on social media . The team are also always available on boycottyourbed@actionforchildren.org.uk if you need more specific support. Download Registration guide Event details England South - London Date - Friday 2 October 2026 Sleepout location - To be confirmed England North - Leeds Date - Friday 2 October 2026 Sleepout location - To be confirmed England North West - Manchester Date - Friday 2 October 2026 Sleepout location - To be confirmed Scotland - Glasgow Date - Friday 2 October 2026 Sleepout location - To be confirmed Find an event near you Ready to sleep out? And raise vital funds for vulnerable families Register now (opens in a new tab) Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Boycott your Bed Give up your bed for one night and help raise vital funds for vulnerable children living in poverty. Boycott your Bed resources Downloadable resources to support your Boycott your Bed Live 2024 fundraising. Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices