Blog | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Blog Read about our services, campaigns and the people we help, and get the latest on policies affecting children and young people Filter by type Blog Policy Press release Story Filter by topic Abuse and neglect Campaigns Children in care Criminal exploitation Disabilities Domestic abuse Early years Events Fostering Fundraising Homelessness Mental health Parenting Poverty Race Services Staff Supporters Volunteers Young carers Young people Filter What a day looks like for foster carers Colin and Marie After 14 years of fostering with Action for Children, Colin and Marie share a glimpse into their daily life as foster carers. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 13 May 2026 Celebrating foster grandparents this Families who Foster Month This October is 'Families who Foster Month'. We spoke to foster carer Karen and her dad, Sam, about the realities of fostering as a family and the role of the 'foster grandparent'. Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer 02 October 2024 Four things you need to know about the UK care system With the number of children going into care rising, we’re sharing four things you should know about the UK care system. Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer 21 August 2024 “I’ll remember my first fostering moment forever”: Donna’s journey To mark the end of Foster Care Fortnight 2024, we spoke to one of our foster carers to reflect on this year's theme of ‘fostering moments’. Elijah Cruz - Digital Communications Officer 24 May 2024 Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices