Support for young people | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Young people Young people need a chance to thrive. Our services create opportunities and speak up for those left behind. We support young people through a range of services - including mental health, housing support, and residential short breaks. We help through: Placements, apprenticeships and skills workshops. Residential short breaks and homes for disabled children and young people. Youth housing support services for young people in care. Mental health support services. Helping young people in care live independently The journey from care to living independently can feel overwhelming, stressful and uncertain for a young person. Through the incredible support of partners like John Lewis Partnership, our transition workers are here to help. In 2024/2025, we helped 200 young people successfully move on from care, offering practical and emotional support every step of the way. Every young person deserves the opportunity to work, support themselves and use their talents. In Scotland, we also support young people in building essential skills for future employment through our Discovering your Potential programme . Through this, young people are able to develop their aspirations, skills and ability to navigate the world of work. This can help them move out of poverty , and tackle problems that might have affected their families for generations. Protecting young people from organised crime Through our Criminal Exploitation Intervention service , we help divert young people away from crime with the help of peer mentors. We’re working hard to make sure this vital service stays sustainable, including making a bid through the National Lottery’s UK Fund to support and expand what we do. In Scotland, we secured Government funding, alongside the Children and Young People's Centre for Justice, to create a national policy and strategy to tackle criminal exploitation. In Wales, we support children children and families through our Criminal Exploitation Intervention Service in Flintshire. We have also worked with North Wales Police and other partners to help many children and young people at risk of being exploited. Providing residential homes and short breaks We're here to support young people, whatever their needs, disability or neurodivergence. We provide short break services , so that children and young people can have independence and the chance to make friends in a fully accessible and supported environment. We also run residential care homes for disabled children and young people (and their families) - a home away from home. These offer an excellent education in a stimulating, productive and forward-thinking environment. 88% of children and young people who use our services are more able to participate in enriching activities that wouldn't otherwise be accessible. Help raise funds for vital services Find out how to get involved Fundraise with us Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Mental health and wellbeing Discover our mental health programmes for children and families Partner with us Your business has the power to make a difference. Become a corporate partner or join an exclusive event Make a donation There are lots of ways to give - from donating online to leaving a gift in your will or paying in fundraising Find our services near you Find services and support in your area and online. We're here when you need us, in the way that best works for you Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices