Online Fundraising Page Tips: 7 Ways to Increase Donations | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Seven ways to make your online fundraising page stand out and increase donations Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer Friday 06 December 2024 Taking part in a fundraising challenge? These seven simple tips will help your online fundraising page stand out, attract more supporters, and increase donations. Achieve something amazing Challenge yourself while raising vital funds for children. Are you ready? Find an event Seven quick ways to make your online fundraising page stand out Be personal Ask loved ones to sponsor you first Keep your donors updated Share your milestones Do something unique Get your donors involved Keep going after the event 1. Be personal You’re doing something incredible, so shout it from the rooftops! Upload a picture and tell your story : whether you have personally benefited from Action for Children’s services or feel strongly about our cause, let your friends and family know. Explain why you’re taking on the challenge. If you get stuck, ask yourself a few questions. Why have you chosen this event? Is this your first challenge? Will you find it tough? And what do you hope to gain from your experience? Mention Action for Children’s work and the areas of our work or campaigns that you really care about. You could even link to our website to help your supporters learn more about our work. 2. Ask loved ones to sponsor you first Before you share your page widely, ask some people close to you to sponsor you. It will inspire others to donate and give them an idea about how much to sponsor you. My mum and dad were the first people I asked to sponsor me when I signed up for the London Marathon in 2019. They generously donated £100 and it really set a precedent. A few people then started donating similar amounts! Joanne, Action for Children runner 3. Keep your donors updated Take your supporters on your training journey – email regular updates or post on social media . Include pictures and films you’ve taken on your phone to capture people’s attention. If you’re taking part in a running event, connect your JustGiving page to Strava so your loved ones can see exactly how hard you’ve been training. It's a great way to keep yourself motivated, too. We’ve created some great resources you can use to keep reminding people about your fundraising: use our banner for the bottom of your emails or virtual video chat background. Time your updates carefully – share your page when you’ll likely to grab people’s attention, like payday or during lunchbreak. Make the most of your fundraising experience. Check out our challenge event resources 4. Share your milestones Post your page when you are nearing one of your donation milestones. For example, if you’ve reached £200 why not ask people to help you get to the £250 milestone mark? When you share your page, explain why people should sponsor you there and then. For example, are you just about to tackle a gruelling training run in the rain and need some motivation? As you get closer to event day, increase your updates . For example, “One week today, I’ll be running for Action for Children. Here’s a link to my page and why I’m doing it”. The day before your event is also a great time to share your page and encourage last-minute sponsorship . 5. Do something unique If you’re an event regular or simply want to stand out, you could consider doing something different to supercharge your fundraising. For example, how about running in fancy dress on the day or if you’re feeling really ambitious, try and break a world record ? 6. Get your donors involved There are lots of small ways you can connect with donors, get them involved in your fundraising drive – and bring in extra fundraising. Challenge them to come up with ideas for your fancy dress or guess how long it will take you to complete your event. Or try offering them something in return for their donation: for example, they could choose a song for your running playlist. I feel extremely proud of myself for completing a marathon, from a personal and physical point it really was such an amazing achievement for me. Not to mention how proud I am for raising so much money. Giving back has always been a pillar in my life so I'm so happy to do just that for such an amazing cause. Charlie, Cambridgeshire 7. Keep going After the event, thank your donors publicly: it’ll give you another excuse to share your page and keep the momentum going. Share a photo or short video of you crossing that finishing line. It might prompt some people to donate if they’ve forgotten - and maybe even some repeat donors. And don’t forget to post our virtual medals to your social media to let the world know you completed your challenge. Frequently asked questions about online fundraising pages How do I make my online fundraising page stand out? Make it personal. Share your story, explain why you’re fundraising, and include photos or updates so supporters feel part of your journey. What should I include on a fundraising page? Add a clear reason for fundraising, details about your challenge, photos, and regular updates. Let people know how their donation will help children and families. How can I encourage more donations online? Ask close friends and family to sponsor you first, share milestones, and post updates regularly. Momentum helps build trust and encourages others to give. Should I update my fundraising page after the event? Yes. Sharing a thank you message or event update helps show appreciation and can encourage last-minute donations. Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Supporters Events Other news Inspired to take on a challenge? Hear from our London Marathon runners 27 April 2026 Fundraising resources Find helpful advice and tools to make the most of your fundraising experience with us Top five tips for a successful race day 23 December 2024 Our impact How we’re changing lives for children, young people and families across the UK Keep up to date with Action for Children! Sign up to our newsletter Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices