Charity runs | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Charity runs Join Team Action for Children We have places in some of the UK's best races. Join us today and help support vulnerable children, young people, and families across the UK with a charity run. We would love to welcome you to the team. Sign up for a charity run Royal Parks Half Marathon 2026 Join Team Action for Children and run one of Britain’s best half marathon courses. Oct 11th , 9AM Learn more about event The Saucony London 10K Run through some of London's best landmarks at the London 10k. The London 10k is back on the 13 July 2026. The flat and friendly route - perfect for beginners Jul 12th Learn more about event Inflatable 5k Bounce your way through the world's biggest inflatable 5k obstacle course whilst raising vital funds for charity. Learn more about event London Landmarks Half Marathon 2026 Take the scenic route and join team Action for Children at the 2026 London Landmarks Half Marathon - passing historical monuments and cultural icons throughout the city. Apr 12th London Learn more about event Great North Run 2026 Run the Great North Run for charity and help us reach more vulnerable children across the UK. Sep 13th Newcastle Learn more about event Cardiff Half Marathon 2026 Take part in Wales’ largest mass participation event and run for charity at the Cardiff Half Marathon. Oct 04th Cardiff Learn more about event Bedford Running Festival 2026 Join us for the Bedford Running Festival 2026! Get ready for an incredible weekend of running, celebration, and community spirit. Sep 05th - Sep 06th Russell Park, Bedford Learn more about event Bournemouth Half Marathon 2025 Experience ‘running as it should be’. Run along Boscombe and Bournemouth piers on a stunning coastal route. Oct 12th Bournemouth Learn more about event Royal Parks Half Marathon 2026 Take on the Royal Parks Half Marathon and run for charity. By joining Team Action for Children, you could help vulnerable children across the UK. Oct 11th , 9AM Learn more about event Bath Half Marathon 2026 Join Team Action for Children and take part in one of the UK's most established road races - the Bath Half Marathon! Join Team Action for Children and take part. Mar 15th Royal Victoria Park, Bath Learn more about event Hackney Half Marathon 2026 Take on the Hackney Half Marathon for charity. Run for Action for Children and help raise vital funds for vulnerable children. May 17th Learn more about event Run for charity at the London Marathon 2027 Join Team Action for Children at the London Marathon and raise vital funds for vulnerable children across the UK. Apr 24th - Apr 25th London Learn more about event Find a run near you There are over 250 runs you can choose to take part in. From marathons to family friendly inflatable runs, there's something for everyone. Runs by region Running with team Action for Children Item 1 of 4 Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Join a challenge event Sign up to run, walk, swim or take on another challenge. Pay in your fundraising Pay in money raised through an event or activity to help children in the UK. Our work and impact We help children and young people to grow up safe and happy. Find out about the work we do and the impact we make across the UK Charity cycles Looking for your next charity cycle? We have lots of cycling events that will inspire you to take on the challenge and raise money for vulnerable children. Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices Live chat: Contact Us