Calling for more support on Young Carers Action Day | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Calling for more support on Young Carers Action Day Rachael Gearon - Digital Content Officer Wednesday 11 March 2026 On Young Carers Action Day (Wednesday 11th March), Action for Children Northern Ireland is calling for more recognition and support for young carers. A young carer is someone aged under 18 who looks after a parent or another family member . They often take on physical and emotional duties far and above what a child of their age would usually be responsible for. It’s estimated that there are over 5,000 young carers in Northern Ireland aged under 18*. Of these, more than 10% care for 50+ hours every week. Recognition and support is key A recent survey of young carers and their families carried out by the charity highlighted that recognition and understanding of the caring role, respite (time away from the caring role) and support at school as key components to improve the lives of young carers. Read the rest of our findings: Young Carers survey 2026 Young carers support their families from a young age Aisling Reynolds, who manages the NI Regional Young Carers Service at Action for Children, said: “Young carers take on a lot often from a young age. It is important that society and decision makers recognise the role a young carer plays in supporting their family and the impact that can have on their own lives. Being a young carer can impact on education, social connections and mental wellbeing." It’s so important our young carers get the support they deserve. They need time away from their caring role to play and socialise with friends and support to maintain their own health and wellbeing. Aisling Reynolds She added: “It’s also vital young carers are identified within schools and given that understanding and additional support to maintain their education which is so important for their futures. “The theme for young carers action day is Fair Futures for Young Carers. Young carers must be given the equal opportunities to learn, grow, and thrive as their peers.” Read the rest of our findings. Our young carers survey Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Young carers Other news Hundreds of thousands of ‘hidden’ young carers not getting vital support this summer 03 August 2025 Our work in Northern Ireland Last year we reached thousands of children, young people and families across Northern Ireland Educational settings in Northern Ireland urged to help identify and support young carers 06 February 2024 In their words: Young carer shares their story 12 December 2022 Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices