Anne Marie's journey as an Action for Children apprentice | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Anne Marie's journey as an Action for Children apprentice Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer Tuesday 13 February 2024 Anne Marie is a Local Campaigns Officer at Action for Children. Discover how her experience growing up in care led her to becoming her own advocate. Growing up in care was difficult "I was a very angry child. One of my biggest issues was an inability to explain what was going on or why I felt different to my peers. "I always wanted to have a voice , or at least know that someone had a voice for me ." Staff stories Action for Children staff share a glimpse into their roles Read more Joining a network of apprentices I started working at Action for Children in one of our care-experienced apprenticeship roles in 2022. The first Teams meeting I attended was the launch of the Achieve network . I remember seeing all the people who were currently doing or had done an apprenticeship . It felt like I had joined at the perfect time. Feeling supported by my team and the wider organisation Then, Action for Children nominated me to join the National Implementation Board for Children’s Social Care . The board brings together strategic leaders and people with lived experience of the care system to advise on the reform programme for children’s social care . Amazing work opportunities My colleagues encouraged me to apply for a place on the It’s Our Care round table. I used the opportunity to remind MPs of their legal obligations as corporate partners . Its Our Care campaigners outside Parliament It was the biggest lobby of care-experienced young people Parliament has ever seen, and it felt amazing to be a part of it and assist with coordinating the day. I also worked on the Care Leavers Covenant project which saw Action for Children become an official Care-Leaver Friendly Employer . And along with my team, I assisted the launch of our Children and Young People’s Participation and Engagement Strategy called ‘ Nothing About Me, Without Me ’ . My biggest achievement throughout my time here has been the ability to grow and become the advocate I needed as a child. A clear career path My time at Action for Children helped shape the direction of my career . When I began, I hoped to complete my apprenticeship at Distinction level and to increase my knowledge and skills in campaigning and policy work . Now, I am a Local Campaigns Officer at Action for Children in the Campaigns & Public Affairs team . Through my apprenticeship, I have not only gained a Business Administration Level 3 Qualification . But built on my self-confidence and gained experience in a field I love . Thinking of joining us? Search for a role (opens in a new tab) Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Staff Children in care Campaigns Other news My drive to improve care standards remains the same throughout my career 30 March 2023 How to start a career in children’s social care 11 February 2025 How Corinna Laing's childhood shaped her career 05 February 2024 Keep up to date with Action for Children! Sign up to our newsletter Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices