Support for parents with disabled children | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Families with disabled children We help disabled children and young people gain confidence and independence. We’re there for families when they need us A disabled child should have the same opportunities as any other child. But caring for a disabled child or young person can be challenging. Even the most experienced parents and carers need someone to turn to for help and advice. The tailored support we offer helps families cope – and gives disabled children a chance to thrive. Last year, we helped 10,740 disabled children, young people and their families with our specialist services. Emotionally it was a lot to take on. Getting out to Action for Children sessions helped normalise things. The support workers feel like family. Kausar, mum to three children with additional needs Short breaks for children Action for Children’s short breaks services offer lots of activities and opportunities. These could be in the community, or a residential or foster home. They're a way for disabled children to have fun and develop their independence. They give them a chance to try new things and make friends. Short breaks and outings give parents and siblings time to recharge, too. They’re a lifeline for families who feel overwhelmed or overcome by the challenges. Dedicated support We provide a key worker to support disabled children and their families. They work with the family to make sure the young person’s opinions get heard. If they need it, we can speak on their behalf. The key worker will help children and young people build the confidence to lead their own lives. This includes teaching or helping with life skills, friendships, community activities and getting around. For those with more complex needs, it may be about celebrating the small steps. We support young people to reach their full potential, whatever that may be. Getting the right help It can be hard for families to know where to look for the help. We help families find the support they need in their area. We do this with disabled children and young people, so they get to say what works for them too. Our work doesn’t stop there. We empower parents and carers to take part in forums where they can share their views and help improve local services for all disabled children. Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Our impact How we’re changing lives for children, young people and families across the UK Where your money goes Find out how we use your donations to make the greatest impact on children’s lives Fundraise with us From running a marathon to hosting a bake sale, join or set up an event to have fun and raise money for children Find our services near you Find services and support in your area and online. We're here when you need us, in the way that best works for you Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices