Policy work and research | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Policy work and research We speak up for children and make sure their voices are heard We amplify the voices of children and young people, and work to bring lasting change to their lives. We do this by carrying out research , working with politicians , and running public campaigns . Policy news and blogs We publish blogs on the latest news in government policy and the impacts on children. Explore our blogs (opens in a new tab) Our research We help decision-makers think about the needs of children and young people. Read our latest reports Campaigning We join forces with our supporters to drive change. Campaign with us Our research areas We produce research and press for change in four areas: A fairer social security system 1 in 3 children in the UK are growing up in poverty. This isn’t right. The government have the tools to lift children out of poverty. They can do this by increasing benefit levels to cover the essentials, removing harmful benefit rules like the two-child limit, and addressing barriers that prevent parents from working. Help us tackle child poverty Help for families when they need it Families need support before problems spiral out of control. This keeps families together to provide a loving home for children. Early help spending has been cut in half since 2010, and we’re seeing more children removed from their families into care. Early help for children and families A more supportive care system Children and young people in care have traumatic histories and other kinds of complex needs. High-quality care and support can help them to thrive. When they leave care, continuity of support can help them make the tricky transition to adulthood, helping them to go on to lead fulfilling lives. Children's social care Better protections for criminally exploited children Exploitation by criminal groups is child abuse. Victims need their exploitation to be recognised as a distinct form of child abuse. And we must take a welfare-first approach in the management of offences committed by exploited children. Thanks to the National Lottery players, Action for Children has received almost £5 million from The National Lottery Community Fund , the largest community funder in the UK. This transformative grant that we'll receive across the next three years will allow us to open five new exploitation intervention services . Criminal exploitation of children Read our policy reports Looking for research to inform your work or drive change? Explore our research Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Campaign with us Join us, take a stand and raise your voice for better and brighter childhoods Our impact How we’re changing lives for children, young people and families across the UK Policy reports Search our reports for research and recommendations on the important issues affecting children in the UK Media centre Read our latest press releases or contact our media team Keep up to date with our work Join our e-newsletter Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices