Bedford Running Festival | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Bedford Running Festival 2026 Russell Park, Bedford Sep 5 — Sep 6 Register now (opens in a new tab) Join us for the Bedford Running Festival 2026! Get ready for an incredible weekend of running, celebration, and community spirit at the Bedford Running Festival ! Taking place on the first weekend of September, this event is perfect for everyone, from first-time runners and families to club athletes and charity fundraising groups. With a range of distances to choose from, including the Mini Miles Fun Run (where children under 8 must be accompanied by an adult with their own ticket), all can participate. Take on the 5K , the atmospheric Twilight 10K , a Half Marathon , or a 20-Miler - there’s something for all abilities. Registration fees Registration costs for the Bedford Running Festival vary from £17-39, depending on which event you want to take part in: Mini miles (family fun run) : £12 5K : £19-£21 Twilight 10K : £26-£28 Bedford Half Marathon : £35-£37 20 miles : £37-£39 What you'll get Action for Children branded running vest to wear on the day of your event for everyone who raises £100 or more Access to exclusive online fundraising and training hub with training tips from our professional running coach Support from our dedicated events team to help you smash your fundraising target Register now Sign up for the Bedford Running Festival Register now (opens in a new tab) Taking part in this challenge is not only an incredible personal achievement but you’ll also be helping us to give vulnerable children a safe and happy childhood. Sign up and start your fundraising now by setting up a Just Giving page . Event details Event dates Sep 05, 2026 - Sep 06, 2026 Address Russell Park The Embankment Bedford MK40 3RH Email challenge@actionforchildren.org.uk Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices Live chat: Contact Us