Action for Children Fostering | Fostering training | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Fostering training You'll receive tailored 24 hour support and training throughout your fostering journey. As an Action for Children foster carer you’ll receive professional support, training and guidance that is truly shaped around your life, throughout your fostering journey with us. We take care of you so that you can take care of your young person. Developing fostering skills We want you to feel confident that you’re fully equipped to welcome a young person into your home. We provide you with ongoing training, even after you’ve been approved, so that you can continue to develop your skills and knowledge about fostering. You’ll have regular supervision sessions to guide and support you, where you can talk through with your dedicated social worker any additional training needs you have. All training provided to you by Action for Children Fostering is free of charge and either online or at a venue local to you. When you become an approved foster carer with Action for Children Fostering, we’ll create an annual training plan with you. As well as mandatory training, we’ll offer you ongoing training depending on your needs and the needs of your young person. Your social worker will keep a record of your training and development on your file. Here’s what you can expect from us Induction: Your comprehensive induction with Action for Children Fostering will cover: Policies and legislation. Our philosophy of care and aspiration for children and young people. An introduction to our therapeutic approach to foster care. Expectations we have for our foster carers. Your induction will also include training and workshops, reading, research and discussions in supervision. Further free resources Free online courses at Open University , including modules on attachment, childhood in the digital age, child psychology and more. Online safety resources from ThinkUKnow. Advice on young people’s mental health from MindEd. Action for Children Fostering training courses include: Skills to Foster course This is usually a three-day course either in person or online that gives you a good introduction to fostering and everything involved. It will provide with you a better understanding of what your role as a foster carer requires, the experiences and needs of children in care and the behaviours you may need to manage. It will also cover the teams and other professionals who all work together and the day-to-day skills that all carers need. Therapeutic parenting All of our carers are trained in attachment and developmental trauma and therapeutic parenting approaches. Find out more about therapeutic care . Safeguarding Training sessions cover the essentials, like child safety and development, as well as policies and procedures. We also run specialist training and explain some of the issues young people deal with, including bullying on social media and gang culture. You’ll get ideas, resources and tools to help you. You’ll be trained in first aid, health & safety and receive comprehensive training on understanding the behaviours and needs of children in care. Foster carers’ learning and development framework Action for Children Fostering has developed a framework for ongoing training to support our foster carers in the amazing work they do. The children in your care often have complex needs due to their life experiences. We have all the training opportunities you will need to effectively manage any challenging situation you may face. Our framework recognises that fostering is a profession. We will encourage, support, and train you on an individual basis to gain the level of skills you need to be the foster carer that you want to be. Our framework begins at pre-approval stage with our ‘Starting to Foster’ training and then takes you through the core modules required to foster. When you’re ready, we will plan and arrange advanced training in areas specific to your type of fostering and the children and young people you care for. Chat with your local team We have offices across the UK in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. Contact someone local to you by text, WhatsApp, email or phone. Whatever works best for you. Your local team Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices