Bradbury House | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Bradbury House Shrewsbury Short breaks service for children and young people aged 0 to 17. We offer overnight short breaks five nights per week for children and young people aged 0–17 with learning and/or multiple disabilities. Many of our service users also have additional needs, including sensory impairments, physical disabilities, health conditions, communication disorders, challenging behaviour, attention and conduct disorders, or mental health needs. All referrals are made through Shropshire’s Disabled Children Team . A Social Worker will complete a professional assessment, which is then reviewed by the Children’s Disability Resource Panel. Emergency admissions may be considered in consultation with the Shropshire County Council. Once approved, a team member from the home will carry out a detailed assessment and develop a personalised plan to support the child and their family. Our Ethos We are committed to building positive, nurturing relationships between children, staff, parents, and carers. Inspired by research such as Making not Breaking (Care Inquiry, 2013), we believe strong relationships foster resilience and help children reach their full potential. We treat every child as a child first, recognising their individuality and supporting them to enjoy life and thrive. Our approach includes offering a wide range of activities tailored to each child’s preferences and needs. Short breaks benefit the whole family by: Providing enriching experiences for children and young people. Offering parents time to recharge and access professional support. Creating opportunities for families to spend quality time together. For families caring for children with complex needs, our service helps improve quality of life and prevent family breakdown. Accommodation Bradbury house is a specially adapted bungalow in a residential area, designed to be safe, welcoming, and homely. Features include: Seven individual bedrooms, two with specialist beds and overhead hoists. Accessible bathrooms and shower rooms, including facilities with hoists and specialised equipment. Sensory room and a secure kitchen with keypad access. Outdoor space with flower beds and areas for play and physical activity. Children are encouraged to participate in daily living activities like cooking and laundry to build independence and life skills. Respecting Diversity We celebrate the diverse religious, cultural, and spiritual backgrounds of our service users. Staff work closely with families to ensure each child’s beliefs and practices are respected and supported, including dietary needs, dress, and privacy for prayer. Service details Service name Bradbury House Service type Disability, Residential care Phone 01743 359718 Email Gemma.Meadows2@actionforchildren.org.uk Website https://next.shropshire.gov.uk/the-send-local-offer/social-care/childrens-social-care/disabled-childrens-team-dct/ Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices