Action for Children Fostering | The fostering process | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content The fostering process It usually takes around 6-9 months to become an approved foster carer. Learn about each step in the fostering journey and how we'll provide support that is truly shaped around you and your life. How long does it take to become a foster carer? From your initial contact with us, the process to become a foster carer can take 6-9 months depending on your individual circumstances. Our aim is to assess everyone within a 4-6 month time frame. We typically operate a three-step process following your initial enquiry as below: Initial enquiry Once you enquire, we’ll give you a quick phone call. We’ll ask you a number of questions about your circumstances and how fostering might work for you. This is an informal chat that will hopefully give you a better idea about whether fostering is right for you. Don’t be nervous, you don’t need to be perfect, and we certainly don’t expect you to be, you just need to be you. This part in the process is the perfect time to ask us any questions you have and get to know us a bit better too. If you wish to start your fostering journey, we’ll allocate you a dedicated social worker who will take you through the three-step process. The three step process Step 1- The initial visit This is either a virtual meeting or a social worker will come to visit your home and lasts approximately two hours. This helps us get to know you and your family better so that we know who you are, what your life looks like and how a young person could be themselves in your home. We’ll have a more in-depth chat about your circumstances, your family, any experience you have that is relevant to fostering and the reasons you’re keen to become a foster carer. We’ll talk about your understanding of fostering and the needs of children in care. It’s also an opportunity for you to explore any further questions relating to the fostering journey and in particular fostering with Action for Children Fostering. Skills to foster course This is a mandatory course within the fostering process but the time you take the course will depend on where you live and course availability. Skills to Foster is a three-day training course and is currently delivered either in-person or online. It covers the essentials, helps you prepare for fostering and raises questions that we’ll talk about during the assessment. It'll give you a better understanding of what your role as a foster carer will be, the experiences and needs of children in care and the behaviours you may be required to manage. It will also cover the teams and other professionals you'll work with around the young person and the day-to-day skills that all carers need. Step 2 - Application form Once everyone is happy to continue onto the next step, we’ll send you an application form to complete and send back to us. It will ask you to provide personal information and further information about your circumstances. Once we receive the application form back, we can start the assessment process. You can call us if there’s anything on the form you’re not sure about; we’re here to help you! Step 3 - The assessment The assessment involves standard checks including a police DBS in England and Wales (Disclosure and Barring Service), PVG in Scotland (Protecting Vulnerable Groups), and an AccessNI in Northern Ireland. You will also need to have a medical. Action for Children Fostering will pay for the cost of your medical which you will arrange through your own GP. We’ll also need references from people who have known you for at least three years. If all the checks are approved we‘ll move on to the next stage. Your background This involves home visits to you and your family, which will include gathering relevant information on your background, experience, family life, and relationships. The assessment is also there for us to learn how best to provide you with the individual support that you may need as a foster carer. “From enquiry to approval our process helps ensure a positive fostering experience for everyone.” Action for Children Fostering Social Worker Our trained social workers will visit your home and take you through the whole fostering process. Panel All the information gathered throughout the assessment process will be put together in a report called a Form F. Once your Form F is complete it'll be shown and talked through with an independent fostering panel, who are usually from the health and social care sector. You and your social worker attend the panel and everyone is given the opportunity to ask questions. After panel, we’ll ask for approval from our agency decision-maker. We’ll aim to pair you and a child as soon as your assessment is approved. Chat with your local team We have offices across the UK in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. Contact someone local to you by text, WhatsApp, email or phone. Whatever works best for you. Your local team Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices