Where your money goes | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Where your money goes Find out how we use your donations to make the greatest impact on children’s lives For every £1 we spend, 84p* goes directly towards helping children, young people and their families. Our supporters help fund a huge range of programmes – from schemes preventing neglect to mental health support. Here are some facts about how we use donations from the public. We helped 551,400 children, young people and families in 2024/25, thanks to your support We focus on the areas of greatest need Most of the donations we get are unrestricted. This means they’re not tied to any one project or part of the UK. This flexibility is really important - it means we can provide support in the areas of greatest need. We work all over the UK, through 342 services in communities, in schools and online. We’re a not-for-profit organisation Action for Children is a not-for-profit organisation. Any profit we make goes straight back into services that help children and families. It doesn’t go to shareholders or investors. As a charity, we have to keep some funds in reserve. This protects the families we support, as well as our staff and volunteers. It means there’s a pool of money we can call on in an emergency. We rely on regular donations to keep services running Action for Children gets some money from government, local authorities and businesses. But this kind of funding isn’t guaranteed long-term. It’s often restricted, so we can only use it for specific projects. We rely on individual donations to provide much of the support we give to children and young people. Any size of donation makes a difference. If you’re able to give a regular gift, this provides long-term, stable support to children and young people. It helps run vital community services that local authorities can’t fund. Our emergency appeals react to urgent crises During an emergency appeal, every £1 we raise goes towards helping children, young people and families.* Since the beginning of the coronavirus pandemic we’ve helped more than 20,000 children and young people with emergency support. Your funding has helped pay for essentials that families couldn’t otherwise afford. This includes food, resources for learning and play and home repairs/furnishings. We also need to invest in staff and fundraising Most of the money we make from donations goes directly into services that help children. But we also need to put some money towards fundraising to help us continue our work. Like any charity, our impact also relies on attracting skilled and experienced senior staff. It’s how we ensure we make the biggest difference we can. We pay executive salaries in line with other charitable organisations, and with oversight from our Remuneration Committee. We’re open and honest about our activities You’ll always be able to see exactly how much we spend on wages and other running costs in our annual report . * Figure based on audited 2024/25 charity accounts that exclude subsidiary companies like commercial nurseries ** In the unlikely event that we raise more money than can be reasonably spent, we use surplus funds for our general charitable purposes to help us respond to other crises. Other questions about donations? We sometimes also get questions about the practical process of donating. Here are some of the most common ones. What are your donation fees? Processing fees are deducted from your donation to cover transaction fees:​ Single card payments: 1.9% + 20p per transaction​ Paypal single payments: 1.4% + 20p per transaction​ Regular direct debit payments: 15p per monthly payment​ Paypal regular payments: 1.4% + 20p per transaction What is Gift Aid? If you’re a UK taxpayer you can increase your gift to us by 25% - at no extra cost to you. This means we’ll get an extra 25p for every £1 you give. Find out more on our Gift Aid page . How do I donate by post? Download and print this donation form to set up a regular gift by direct debit. Then return it to us to set up your gifts. For more info on how to donate by post, contact ask.us@actionforchildren.org.uk or call 01923 361 500 (open 9am to 5pm, Monday to Friday). How do I change my details, the amount, or cancel my regular gift? Please contact Supporter Care on 0300 123 2112 (Mon to Fri 9am to 5pm) or email ask.us@actionforchildren.org.uk How do I make a complaint? We always welcome feedback, so please contact Supporter Care on 0300 123 2112 (Mon to Fri 9am to 5pm) or email ask.us@actionforchildren.org.uk Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Our impact How we’re changing lives for children, young people and families across the UK Annual reports See our headline achievements and download the latest annual report Support us Give or get involved to support children, young people and families in the UK Our work around the UK Find out how we support families, children and young people in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices