Honouring our heritage | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Honouring our heritage In 1869, after finding two boys sheltering at Waterloo station, Methodist minister Reverend Dr Thomas Bowman Stephenson dedicated his life to helping vulnerable children. Fred and George, the first two boys found by Revd Dr. Stephenson Passionate about social justice, Revd Dr Stephenson challenged the Methodist Church to act, leading to the founding of the National Children’s Home , which became Action for Children in 2008. Much has changed since then, but our mission remains the same - to give every child a safe and happy childhood. 157 years of helping vulnerable children and families 551,400 Children & families helped last year 342 Services in communities across the UK Leave a legacy of love, just like Elizabeth Remembering Action for Children in your will is one of many meaningful ways to support the children, young people and families we work with. Elizabeth has been a supporter for over 50 years , beginning as a girl selling Sunny Smiles. In her will, she's chosen to leave a legacy of love for vulnerable children, helping ensure support is there for generations to come. "As a children's nurse, I've seen the effects of child abuse, poverty, and disability on children and their families, and realise the importance of Action for Children's work." I am happy to leave a legacy in my will to continue helping those who need it the most. Elizabeth, who has pledged a legacy gift to Action for Children Have your will written for free Find out more A look through the years Item 1 of 6 Other ways to honour our heritage Honouring our heritage in prayer Throughout June, we're asking you to join us in remembering the kindness of Revd Dr Stephenson and his work. You can do this by following our weekly prayer guides: Bible reflection - Week 1 Bible reflection - Week 2 Bible reflection - Week 3 Bible reflection - Week 4 Get in touch! Any questions? Please contact the Gifts in Wills team using: giftsinwills@actionforchildren.org.uk Your legacy could transform a child's life Leave a gift in your will today Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Fundraise in your church Host a worship service or event in your church to raise money for vulnerable children Leave a gift in your will A gift in your will could help transform a child's life. Find out how you can make a difference. Gifts in wills information pack Get our free information pack about leaving a charity gift in your will Gifts in Wills FAQs Questions about leaving a gift in your will? Get the answers from Action for Children Have your will written for free Get your free will offer (opens in a new tab) Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices