Updated child poverty statistics 2024-25 | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Updated child poverty statistics 2024-25: broken down Rachael Gearon - Digital Content Officer Monday 08 June 2026 Every March, the official UK child poverty figures are updated for the previous year. The most recent government figures show that 4 million children in the UK are living in poverty - that's 27% of all children . Child poverty percentages for 2024-25 41% of children in single-parent families, compared to 23% in couple families, live in poverty 45% of children living in poverty are in larger families (of 3+ children), compared to 21% in one-child and 19% in two-child families 72% of children in working families live in poverty 51% of children in poverty live in families where the youngest is under 5 40% of children in poverty are in families where someone is disabled What’s the impact of child poverty where you live? Find out how many children live in poverty in your area Use the tool (opens in a new tab) Food insecurity and food bank usage 2 million children were living in 'food insecure' households, which shows a decline from 2.6 million in 2023-24. However, in 2024-35 1 million children were in households that had used a food bank in the last 12 months - 6.6% of all UK children. 300,000 children were in families that had used a food bank in the last 30 days. Experiences of material deprivation and deep material poverty Of the overall 4 million, 3.5 million children (23%) are living in material deprivation, which means their families can't afford basic items or activities that many of us think are essential. Children are considered as materially deprived if they lack 4 or more of the following 22 items/things: Go on school trip at least once a term Have a place for homework* Have three meals a day* Eat fresh fruit and/or vegetables every day* Have comfortable clothes* Attend organised activity once a week Have friends round monthly Have age suitable games/toys* Enough bedrooms for every child 10 years or over and of a different gender Go to a playgroup at least once a week At least one week's holiday away from home with family Keep up to date with bills* Money aside for unexpected expenses* Replace/repair appliances* Keep home in good state of decoration/repair* Keep home adequately warm* Keep home damp free* Have access to reliable internet Have access to computer/tablet Have access to reliable transport* Heating/electrics in good working order* Home contents insurance 1.9 million children (13%) were considered as living in deep material poverty in 2024-25. This is a new measure designed to identify which children are experiencing the most severe forms of material hardship. Children are considered as living in deep material poverty if they lack 4 of the 13 items marked with * in the list above. 62% of all children in deep material poverty come from working families. Is the future looking brighter for children in poverty? Because HBAI figures are calculated for the previous financial year, there is a lag of 12 months between the period covered and when these statistics are made available - therefore, this data doesn't consider the removal of the two-child benefit cap from 6th April 2026. Next year's figures should show a significant fall because of this policy change. Scotland is the only UK nation where child poverty appears to be decreasing, likely in large part because of the impact of the Scottish Child Payment. What you can do to help child poverty We continue to provide over three hundred services to children, young people and families across the UK to help them with the devastating impacts of child poverty. With your support, we could expand our reach. A note on how these figures are calculated Several changes were made to the HBAI release this year, including the details of how deep material poverty is assessed. For the overall numbers, a new method was introduced which links survey responses to government administrative data on benefit payments from 2021/22 to 2024/25. This means that a longstanding issue on the underreporting of benefit income in survey data has been fixed - but also decreases the estimates for these years significantly. So, whilst it looks like there has been a substantial decline in child poverty for this year, it is unlikely to be this big. It is simply that these figures are being reported differently. Put an end to child poverty. Make a donation Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Poverty Other news Child poverty: What it is and how we can help 4 million children live in poverty in the UK. We support families in crisis and work to end hardship caused by rising costs and unfair benefit rules. Poverty stats 2022-23 show rising number of children living in poverty 27 March 2024 Work isn't working: Family, work and progression on a low income 19 May 2026 The Child Poverty Strategy: a long overdue step forward 10 December 2025 Keep up to date with Action for Children! Sign up to our newsletter Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices