Action for Children Fostering | Support shaped around you | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Who you are is just what they need Almost anyone can foster You don’t need to be perfect and we don’t expect you to be. You just need to be you. Just bring who you are and we'll bring support that fits around your life. If you're interested in fostering with us, here are some things we'd like to share with you... Become a foster carer Watch "Action for Children Fostering – Support shaped around you" on YouTube Why choose us? Our team sees you, supports you and is by your side every step of the way. Why choose us? How we support you 24 / 7 We offer support that fits around you and your life. Whether you prefer a chat in person or to send a message, we’re here when you need us, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Fostering support Buddy system You aren’t fostering on your own. We’ll introduce you to other foster carers doing the same amazing thing as you and who know what you’re going through. Fostering support Training We don’t expect you to already have all the answers. That’s why we offer extensive training to develop your fostering skills. We’re always here if you need advice. Fostering training Let's talk about money We offer a generous fee and allowance package to ensure that you can afford to provide a safe and loving home for a young person. Fostering payments Meet the Robinsons Through a series of blogs we’ll take you on their fostering journey. The family is made up but the stories are real. Meet the Robinsons Long-term fostering has been THE hardest emotional challenge of my life and the most rewarding, joyous, lifegiving experience too. Would I still foster if I had my time again? Absolutely, a 100% YES.” Trisha, Action for Children foster carer It’s the talking, taking her on trips, packing a lunch, reading a bedtime story and cooking dinner. It’s just that really ordinary, consistent, really routine stuff that makes her feel safe. Kate and Andrew - Action for Children foster carers Fostering has allowed me to do things in my life that I never thought would be possible. I’ve opened up, I’ve been there for the children, and I’ve learned so much about myself. It has been the best thing that has ever happened to us. Trevor, Action for Children foster carer Chat with your local team We have offices across the UK in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. Contact someone local to you by text, WhatsApp, email or phone. Whatever works best for you. Your local team Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices