Cardiff Half Marathon 2026 | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Cardiff Half Marathon 2026 Cardiff 4th Oct Get involved Take part in Wales’ largest mass participation event by running the Cardiff Half Marathon. The flat, fast-paced Cardiff Half Marathon route passes the city’s most breath-taking scenery and iconic landmarks. Along the way, enjoy sights like Cardiff Castle, Principality Stadium, Civic Centre, and the stunning Cardiff Bay. I absolutely love the Cardiff Half Marathon route. It's definitely one of the most scenic that I've run. I have 10+ half marathons so far and this year it was the best supported one. Thank to you all at Action for Children for all of the support. I will be back again next year! H Jones, Action for Children runner Take on the challenge And help us reach more vulnerable children across the UK Sign up Have your own place? You can use your own place to fundraise for Action for Children Join us Why take part? As well as taking part in an incredible event, you’ll be helping more children to have safe and happy childhoods and the foundations they need to thrive. We ask for a £30 registration donation to secure your place and a minimum fundraising target of £350. In return, you’ll get: Free Action for Children branded running vest to wear on the day of your event. Tailored training guides and tips from our professional running coach. Dedicated support from our fundraising experts. Digital support pack with fundraising ideas and materials. The opportunity to join our Strava and Facebook groups. Sign up information Registration fee: £30 Minimum fundraising target: £350 Complete the form below to register your interest in the Cardiff Half Marathon with Action for Children. We'll email you with details on how to get signed up and welcome you to the team! If you have any questions about the Cardiff Half Marathon or how to sign up and start fundraising, email challenge@actionforchildren.org.uk . Event details Event date Oct 04, 2026 Phone 0300 123 2112 Email challenge@actionforchildren.org.uk Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices Live chat: Contact Us