Great North Run 2026 | Run for charity | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Great North Run 2026 Newcastle 13th Sep Sign up now! Join team Action for Children REGISTRATION FOR THIS EVENT IS NOW CLOSED! On Sunday 13th September 2026 the world’s biggest half marathon returns to the North East. Great North Run charity places are available with Action for Children. By running for us, you'll not only get amazing benefits , you'll also be supporting vulnerable children in the UK. Apply for a charity place to secure your place at Great North Run 2026 Entry donation: £40 Minimum fundraising target: £400 Apply for a charity place Join Team Action for Children at the Great North Run Sign up Do you have a ballot place? You can use your ballot place to run for Action for Children Sign up now Why join our team Whether you have a ballot place or a charity place with us, all Action for Children runners will receive: Hero's welcome, refreshments and photos with your medal. You'll find us in our post-race marquee. Running vest: Free Action for Children vest with iron-on letters so everyone can cheer your name. Tailored training guides and tips from our professional running coach Colin Thomas. Fundraising support: Guidance from your local fundraiser all the way up to event day and beyond, so you can smash your fundraising target. And lots of cheers! Be cheered on by our amazing and loud cheer squad to keep you going to the finish line. Apply for a charity place Join Team Action for Children at the Great North Run Sign up Item 1 of 7 Successful in the ballot? Run for our charity! If you get a place in the ballot, you can support Action for Children and receive all the same fantastic benefits as runners with our charity places. We would love to have you! Simply complete the form below to join our team and we'll be in touch to help you in your fundraising journey! Please note this form is only for those who have entered the ballot. First name Last name Please tick this box to confirm you are aged 18 or over. If you are under 18, please ask a parent or guardian to contact us on your behalf. Email Phone Vest size S M L XL Address Emergency contact name Emergency contact number As a valued supporter, we would love to send you regular updates about our work - including heartfelt stories, exciting events, and charity updates. We may contact you by post or telephone, but we'd love to keep in touch in other ways too. I'm happy for Action for Children to contact me by: (Check to opt in) Email so I can choose when to read updates SMS so I can get updates straight to my mobile WhatsApp so I can get updates straight to my mobile Submit Register your interest in an Action for Children charity place If you were unsuccessful in the ballot then you can apply for one of our exclusive charity places. Places are limited so get your application in as soon as possible! We'll be in touch shortly with the outcome of your application. Event details Event date Sep 13, 2026 Email challenge@actionforchildren.org.uk Website https://www.greatrun.org/events/great-north-run/ Join the waiting list for a charity place Unfortunately, we have filled all our charity places for the 2026 Great North Run. If you would like to be the first to hear about our places in 2027, join our waiting list below and a member of the team will be in touch. Name Mobile number Email Event details Event date Sep 13, 2026 Email challenge@actionforchildren.org.uk Website https://www.greatrun.org/events/great-north-run/ Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices Live chat: Contact Us