Youth Voice | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Youth Voice Find out what we're doing to amplify young people's voices in our work Get involved 'Nothing about me, without me' Listening to and acting upon the views of children and young people is crucial to providing better services. Young campaigners at an Its Our Care event We want to engage even more children and young people in the decisions we make. Our Participation Strategy ‘Nothing About Me, Without Me' helps us to do this. It sets out the steps we need to take to amplify young people’s voices. We aim to increase the level of influence they have on the decisions that affect them both now and in the future. I need to be more than a place at the table. Don’t just invite me because it feels like the right thing to do. One of Action for Children's Young Ambassadors How we encourage youth participation We want all young people to feel involved in the decisions that affect them, and to have the chance for their voices to be heard. One way we do this is through our Young Ambassador Board . The board is made up of young people aged 13-25. It plays an integral role in representing Action for Children and the wider views of the young people we support. Our young Ambassadors Board Find out more about the board, from recent events to how to get involved Take a look How we support our young people To make sure you have the best possible experiences with us, we'll follow a set of six guiding principles. They've been created by young people, and all staff across Action for Children follow them. Young Ambassador Rachel at an Its Our Care event Empower: "You must support us to feel empowered so that we can create positive and influential change." Respect: "You must see us as individuals with different needs and circumstances, and make sure that we're able to participate in a way that's right for us." Equity: "You must make sure that we have equal chances to participate and feel heard" Recognition: "You must thank us for taking the time to work with you and celebrate our achievements." Safety: "You must have safe spaces for us to participate, both face-to-face and online." Fun: "You must make sure there are plenty of enjoyable activities for us to take part in." We should be involved in decisions that affect us, so we can feel in control of our lives. Want to find out more about youth participation? We've answered some commonly asked questions from young people below: What is youth participation? To us, youth participation means that children and young people have every opportunity to take part, be heard, and see real change in the decisions that affect them. Do I have a right to participate in decisions that affect me? Yes! Your right to participate in decisions that affect you is listed in a legal document called the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child , also known as the UNCRC. One of the things the UNCRC does is make clear that human rights apply to children and young people as much as they do to adults. This means that every child and young person has the right to express themselves and have their views considered in everything that affects them. What are the benefits of youth participation? Meaningful participation benefits everybody. We can learn so much from you. Your participation can help us to identify new opportunities and shape our way of thinking for years to come. For children and young people, you'll: Have more chances to have a say in the things that matter to you. Feel more in control of the decisions that affect your life. Develop skills in decision making, influencing, communication, confidence, and resilience. Gain a greater understanding of your own – and other people’s – needs and rights. Meet new people, make new friends, and experience new things; all while building your CV with fantastic experience to support your future career. For us, your participation in our work helps us get a deeper understanding of your wants, needs, wishes, and feelings. By working collaboratively with you, our services and programmes will meet real needs, rather than just the ones we feel are important. Your views and lived experiences will help us make better decisions. Working with you will keep us better connected to children and young people, so we'll have a better understanding of what you want and need. This will also make our practice more inclusive. And help us to spend the money we have in better ways. What types of youth participation opportunities can I get involved in? There are lots of different ways you can get involved and have a say in what we do. This includes (but isn't limited to) invitations to attend workshops and meetings with decision makers, speaking opportunities at events, campaigning for change, and more. If you’re interested and want to find out more, get involved . How will you ensure I have a good experience when participating in different opportunities? The most important thing we can do is listen to you. With the help of other young people, we’ve created seven guiding principles to participation . They've been set by young people, and all staff across Action for Children will follow them. They are: empower, respect, equity, recognition, safety, and fun. If at any point you don’t think we've followed these guiding principles, it’s important that you hold us to account. You can feedback on your experiences at any time; be that good or bad, we want to hear from you! Do I need any experience to participate? We’re happy to hear from all young people, whether you use our services or not. We're particularly keen to hear from young people who have lived experience or knowledge in one or more of the following areas: Family support Children in care Disabled children Mental health and wellbeing You'll be fully supported by our participation team to ensure you get the best possible experience when working with us. Download Read our Youth Voice magazine: Nothing About Me, Without Me (Issue 1) Download Bilingual edition - Read our Youth Voice magazine: Nothing About Me, Without Me (Issue 1) All young people's ideas should be considered and adapted to fit wherever possible. Interested in getting involved? We want you to get involved. Your voices matter and must be heard! We're always looking to hear what you think, especially on ideas of how we can do better. But we know that sometimes it can be hard to know where to start. To find out more about the ways you can get involved, email us at youthvoice@actionforchildren.org.uk . You may also like Campaign with us Join us, take a stand and raise your voice for better and brighter childhoods Fundraise with us From running a marathon to hosting a bake sale, join or set up an event to have fun and raise money for children Young Ambassadors Board Are you passionate about making positive changes to the lives of children and young people in the UK? Join our Young Ambassadors Board News & stories Read stories from families across the UK, expert opinions on issues affecting children and young people and the latest news from Action for Children Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices