Paying the price of child poverty | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Paying the price of child poverty Scott Compton - Senior Policy Advisor Wednesday 19 March 2025 4 million children are now paying the price of poverty in the UK. Without sustained policy action, a further 400,000 children will be pulled into poverty by the end of the decade. No child should have to pay the price of poverty Agree? Email your MP. Take action (opens in a new tab) Action for Children commissioned Public First to model policy scenarios for reaching a set of ambitious poverty reduction goals , including: Lifting at least a million children out of poverty by the end of the decade and; Halving the child poverty rate in the long-term. In this report, we include a range of interventions to support incomes through the social security system, improve opportunities for income from employment, and reduce household costs. We also present new estimates of the long-term benefits to society and the economy from reducing child poverty. Download Read the report Six key insights for the Child Poverty Strategy Transformational change is possible, but requires ambitious thinking backed by short, medium and long-term goals. Scrapping the caps is the single most cost-effective action government can take, but won’t be enough by itself. We can’t deliver sustained reductions in child poverty over time without above-inflation increases to child-related benefits. Improving benefit take-up and new social homes could be particularly powerful levers. Employment measures have a part to play, but are less targeted, less cost-effective and their impacts more modest and uncertain. The strategy cannot succeed without increased spending, but we should better recognise the long-term social and economic benefits of reducing poverty. Children are paying the price of child poverty We're calling on the UK government to act. Email your MP (opens in a new tab) Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Poverty Campaigns Other news Campaign with us Join us, take a stand and raise your voice for better and brighter childhoods Child poverty Join our campaign calling the government to act now and stop children suffering What are the Two Child Limit and Benefit Cap, and did they increase child poverty? 19 March 2025 Policy work and research We amplify the voices of children and young people through research, policy work, and public campaigns. Learn more about what we do and explore our latest research and campaigns. Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices