Royal Parks Half Marathon 2026 | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Royal Parks Half Marathon 2026 11th Oct Sign up Join Team Action for Children and run one of Britain’s best half marathon courses. Running through four of London’s iconic Royal Parks – Hyde Park, Green Park, St James’ Park, and Kensington Gardens – this is a fast and flat Half Marathon course . Whether you’re a seasoned runner or taking on your first half, The Royal Parks Half Marathon is the perfect event for you. Taking part in this challenge is not only an incredible personal achievement, but you’ll also be helping us to give vulnerable children a safe and happy childhood. We’ll support you every step of the way. Take on the challenge And help us reach more vulnerable children across the UK Sign up Have your own place? You can use your own place and still fundraise for Action for Children Join us Sign up information Entry Donation: £35 Minimum Fundraising Target: £400 There are over 16,000 runners taking part and vibrant crowds along the course that will spur you on at every mile. Landmarks like the London Eye, Buckingham Palace, and the Houses of Parliament make the day even more exciting. What you'll get: Free Action for Children branded running vest to wear on the day of your event. Tailored training guides and tips from our professional running coach. Digital support pack with fundraising ideas and materials. Support from our dedicated events team to help you smash your fundraising target. Apply for a charity place Do you need a charity place? Complete the application form below to register your interest. Event details Event date Oct 11, 2026 09:00 a.m. Email challenge@actionforchildren.org.uk Your details Title Miss Mr Mrs Ms Mx Dr Other First name Last name Email Address Line 1 Address Line 2 Town/City Country United Kingdom Ireland Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czechia Côte d'Ivoire Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestine, State of Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Réunion Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (French part) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Türkiye Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Åland Islands Postcode Mobile number Date of birth Vest/t-shirt size S M L XL Application for participation Why would you like to run the Royal Parks Half Marathon for Action for Children? How much sponsorship do you pledge to raise for Action for Children? I understand that if I am awarded a place I am committing to a minimum fundraising target of £400 (excluding Gift Aid and Matched Funding). If you have any initial fundraising ideas to raise your £400 please pop them below. Don't worry if not, as our friendly fundraising team will be with you every step of the way! Who is your employer? How did you hear about Action for Children places in the Royal Parks Half Marathon? Action for Children email Action for Children website Google search Word of mouth Charity Listings on the Royal Parks Half Marathon website Social media I'm already an Action for Children supporter I've taken part in an event before Workplace Other If you clicked 'Other' please provide detail below. Emergency contact name Emergency contact number I understand that if I am awarded a place there is a non-refundable and non-transferable entry donation of £35 payable to Action for Children upon acceptance of a place. I am aged 18 years and over and I consent to Action for Children using photographs of me taken during the Royal Parks Half Marathon 2026 in future marketing materials. By clicking 'Yes' you agree to Action for Children using images of you from the 2026 Royal Parks Half Marathon in future promotional materials. For more information, please see www.actionforchildren.org.uk/privacy-policy Yes No Stay in touch As a valued supporter, we would love to send you regular updates about our work – including heartfelt stories, exciting events, and information about how you can continue to support vulnerable children and young people in the UK. We may contact you by post or telephone, but we’d love to keep in touch in other ways too. I’m happy for Action for Children to contact me by: Email So I can choose when to read updates Yes No WhatsApp So I can get updates straight to my mobile Yes No SMS So I can get updates straight to my mobile Yes No You’re in control! Change your preferences online at any time, or by calling 0300 123 2112 or emailing ask.us@actionforchildren.org.uk . For more information on how we keep your data safe and how we will contact you, please read our Privacy Policy at actionforchildren.org.uk/privacy . Terms and conditions Terms and Conditions – Action for Children Charity Places Royal Parks Half 2026 – Sunday 11 October 2026 Our charity places are limited and costly, so we ask all runners to help us maximise their impact. By accepting a place, you agree to: Fundraising Commitment Raise £400 (excluding Gift Aid and Matched Funding) by 11 November 2026 . Aim to meet these milestones: £100 by 11 July £200 by 11 August (receive a free running vest!) £325 by 27 September £400 by 11 November Entry Donation Pay a £35 entry donation within 14 days of being offered a place. This donation is non-refundable , even if you drop out. If unpaid after 14 days, we may offer your place to someone on our waiting list. Communication & Support Respond to our messages if fundraising milestones are missed - we’re here to help! If we don’t hear from you, your place may be cancelled. If You Can’t Take Part Let us know as soon as possible if you're unsure about participating. If you withdraw after September , we may not be able to reassign your place, and the charity will lose both the entry cost and expected fundraising. Event Registration Once your donation is paid, you’ll receive an email from “Royal Parks Half” to complete your race registration. If you don’t receive it, email us at: challenge@actionforchildren.org.uk Health & Safety You are responsible for your own health during training and on race day. Consult your doctor if you have any concerns. Inform us immediately if you’re unable to take part. Handling Donations If you can’t participate, all donations must be returned to sponsors unless already received by Action for Children. Donations already received by the charity cannot be refunded . Please check the box to confirm I accept the terms and conditions Event details Event date Oct 11, 2026 09:00 a.m. Email challenge@actionforchildren.org.uk Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices Live chat: Contact Us