Our services | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Our services Learn more about the support and help we offer. Criminally exploited children Our intervention services help young people at risk of exploitation. Find out more Residential children's homes Our homes offer stability and security for children and young people across the UK. Find out more Early Years We offer a range of parenting support and programmes. Find out more Fostering We work to find the best home for a young person and support our foster carers. Find out more (opens in a new tab) Mental health Our wellbeing tools and programme help children and families talk about their feelings. Find out more Neglect and Abuse Our Family Partners Programme gives parents life‑changing support to prevent neglect. Find out more Young Carers We provide short breaks, activities, and support for young carers. Find out more Families with disabled children We provide short breaks and dedicated support to families with a disabled child. Find out more Young people We provide mental health, housing and short‑break services for young people. Find out more Parent Talk Parent Talk offers trusted parenting advice through articles and parenting coaches. Find out more (opens in a new tab) Our local services We have 342 local services supporting families across the UK. Find out more Our nurseries Our award-winning Spring nurseries provide children with safe and exciting learning. Find out more Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices