Action for Children Fostering | Why choose us | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Why choose us? Action for Children Fostering provides personalised support that is truly shaped around you and your life. We train all of our foster carers to a high standard. We have small caseloads that allows our fostering social workers to give you the time, care and attention that you deserve. With us you’re never alone. Whenever you need advice, guidance or reassurance, we’re there for you. Our team sees you, supports you and is by your side every step of the way. Not only are we a not-for-profit charity, we’re also experts in finding the best possible fit between children and foster families. We recognise that every young person is different and so is every carer. We celebrate individuality, yours and theirs, and bring the two together. When we explore fostering with you, we look at who you are, what your life looks like and how a young person could be themselves in your home. There’s zero pressure. If the fit doesn’t feel right at first, we’ll wait until it does, for everyone. “What sets us apart most from other services is the way we work together with our carers, young people, and other professionals.” Action for Children social worker We promote positive working relationships and good connections between everyone. Relationships are built on clear, honest and respectful communication which is often key to the success of our fostering homes. We offer a child-centred approach that focuses on offering stable, loving and secure fostering homes that will enhance children’s life chances. As one of the oldest and largest registered charities in the UK we do not profit from any of our fostering services. We provide 24/7, year-round professional support that is shaped around the needs of our foster families. Find out more about our support . Children and young people in care can be at risk of sexual and other forms of exploitation. We give them the intensive professional support they need in a safe, warm and loving environment. Our team of professionals includes - in many of our regions - clinical psychologists, therapeutic practitioners and nurses. We will create an annual training plan with all our foster carers to make sure they're fully equipped to care for their young person. Find out more about our training . Why choose us? Action for Children Fostering is dedicated to finding safe and loving homes for our cared for children. Action for Children Fostering welcomes all potential foster carers no matter what their sexual orientation, gender, ethnicity, religion or identity. It’s really important that our foster carers reflect current, diverse family structures in society. We recognise that being a foster carer is a huge commitment. It’s a life-changing vocation and a role beyond the 9-5. We value our foster carers and look after them so that they can look after the children who need them. 24 hour support As an Action for Children foster carer you will receive tailored support year-round to care for a child or young person. From support groups and regular training to fun activities for the whole family. Find out more about our support . Extensive training As an Action for Children foster carer you'll benefit from tailored training throughout your fostering journey. We work jointly with local authorities to provide therapeutic counselling for the young people who have come into the care system. We protect and support children and young people by providing practical and emotional care and support. We strive to ensure their voices are heard and campaign to bring lasting improvements to their lives. Find out more about our training . Therapeutic approach Our therapeutic approach aims to build supportive homes for children who have experienced trauma and loss. Find out more about therapeutic care . “The training was excellent and really helped. After we got approved, we attended a support group once a month - it was invaluable. The best thing is that the social worker is always at the other end of the phone. Action for Children Fostering is like a big family; we know all of them and they know all of us.” Action for Children foster carer Regional services We have dedicated services located in England, Scotland, Northern Ireland and Wales so you will be able to speak confidentially to a fostering professional local to you. We provide foster care for short-term, long-term, parent & child, planned breaks, short breaks for children with disabilities, siblings, caring into adulthood and unaccompanied children and young people seeking asylum. To find out more about the services available in your region, visit our regional services page. Find services local to you . Speak to your local team We have teams across the UK so you will be able to speak, confidentially, to a fostering professional local to you. Find services local to you . Fostering payments Action for Children Fostering provides carers with a generous, weekly fee and allowance. This typically ranges from £429-£791, depending on your location and the type of fostering that you do. Find out more about our payments . Our children Children and young people need fostering for many different reasons. It is never their fault that they are placed in care. Many of the children in our care have experienced trauma in their childhood. This could be due to abuse, neglect, or exploitation. They need a lot of love and support. The children and young people . Our values Always putting children and young people first. Making sure that children and young people are protected from harm. Encouraging children and young people to maintain and develop family contacts and friendships. Making sure that children and young people have a say in decisions related to their care and plans for their future. Ensuring that our services recognise and address individual needs and value differences related to culture, disability, gender, ethnicity, language, religion, and sexuality. Making sure the identity and self-esteem of young people is valued and promoted. Ensuring that their ethnicity, culture and religious background is accurately recorded, understood, respected and preserved and that they are supported and encouraged to develop skills to deal with all forms of discrimination. Ensuring that children and young people with any disabilities receive services that maximise their potential and that they are able to lead as full a life as possible. Listening to the views of children, young people, their families, foster carers, short breaks’ carers and staff to help us plan and run better services. Our promise A safe, welcoming and inclusive service that will value, respect and listen to you regardless of your sexual orientation, race, gender, gender identity, disability, age, religion or belief, or community background. Equal opportunity to any training and personal and professional support to help you develop your caring skills. Support and guidance to help you challenge any discrimination, prejudice, bullying, harassment, or victimisation. Big Welcome We work with children and young people to make sure they have the best experience possible when they move to a new home. Find out more about Big Welcome . Chat with your local team We have offices across the UK in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. Contact someone local to you by text, WhatsApp, email or phone. Whatever works best for you. Your local team Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices