Our children's homes | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Our children's homes We give children and young people safe and nurturing homes in England, Scotland and Wales. Children and young people in care have had a challenging start to life. Many have experienced trauma and rejection. Others may have moved homes many times or been separated from siblings. We offer homes for children and young people who have experienced neglect, abuse, and trauma. We support them in small, family style homes. We know this setting best meets the needs of each child. View homes in England View homes in Scotland View homes in Wales Children's wellbeing Our homes offer stability and security. Staff give children a structure, set routines, and establish boundaries. We provide a warm, nurturing environment where children can build resilience and form lasting relationships. Our HOMES model We teamed up with Changing Minds UK to develop the HOMES model - a pioneering framework to support children and young people in residential care. It is based on five key pillars: H elping to build and maintain connections. O utcomes focused and evidence based. M aking sense together. E mpowerment and 'working with'. S afe, stable base. The HOMES model allows us to meet children’s mental and emotional needs using the latest, most effective approaches. All our children’s homes follow these five key principles We do this by: Helping young people to build and maintain connections. Focusing on children’s outcomes and using the latest evidence. Making sense of a young person’s journey together. Empowering staff to make decisions, and working closely with other agencies. Offering a safe and stable home where young people feel heard and trusted. We review the HOMES model every year with young people, staff, and the wider organisation. We believe in ‘connection before correction’ and building safe, trusting relationships. We support everyone to embed therapeutic parenting into their practice. Every interaction with a child should enhance their life. Charlene Rouski, Senior Clinical Psychologist, Changing Minds UK Our staff Our highly skilled staff get the best training and supervision. This includes training in therapeutic parenting, and access to a unique Professional Development Centre to ensure their development. Caring for children in a home is a complex and professional task. We make sure staff have the skills and support to work with young people in all situations. Staff enjoy regular support from a clinical psychologist. This way, they can best support young people with trauma – and help them thrive. We follow Safer Recruitment guidelines. And all our staff go through a comprehensive recruitment process. This includes: Reference checks. A selection process based on competency and personal motivation tests. Enhanced disclosure with barring (DBS) checks. Want to work with us? View job opportunities Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Our children's homes in England We look after children with complex trauma in Tyne and Wear, the West Midlands and the South West of England Our children's homes in Scotland We look after children and young people (11-20) in Ayrshire, Moray and the Western Isles of Scotland Our children's homes in Wales We look after children and young people (9-18 years old) in Wrexham and Denbighshire, North Wales Jobs Search our careers site to find a role to suit you Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices