Camden and Islington Domiciliary | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Camden & Islington Domiciliary Camden Our domiciliary service offers two types of workers to support your child or young person; support workers or health support workers Support workers Support workers who are trained and experienced in supporting disabled children and young people, they mostly work in the home or out in the community and can work at any time including overnight where the worker either sleeping in or staying awake. They usually carry out a range of support tasks: supervising the child/young person while the parent/cares does something else or goes out of the home personal care to help bathe, dress, eat or use the toilet supporting the child/young person getting ready for school delivering planned activities that contribute towards a key goal or target for the child/young person supporting child/young person to access activities out in the community Health support workers Health Support Workers who are trained and experienced in supporting disabled children and young people with more severe and complex needs. They mostly work in the home or out in the community and can work at any time including overnight where the worker either sleeping in or staying awake. They usually carry out a range of support tasks: administrating medication doing exercises gastro/gravity tube feeding suctioning supervising the child/young people while the parents/carer does something else or goes out in the home personal care to help bathe, dress, eat or use the toilet delivering planned activities that contribute towards a key goal or target for the child/young person supporting child/young person to access activities out in the community About our service Action for Children Camden and Islington Domiciliary Care services are regulated by the Care Quality Commission. We were last inspected in March 2017 and were rated GOOD. You can see a copy of the inspection report on the CQC website. Our reference number is 1-2242746844. Service details Service name Camden & Islington Domiciliary Service type Disability Service venue Camden and Islington Domiciliary Service Address Cubitt Street Play Centre, Cubitt Street Camden WC1X 0LJ Phone 0207 278 7966 Website https://services.actionforchildren.org.uk/london-disability-family-support?_ga=2.221719320.1266443993.1600080111-907238657.1594736283&_gac=1.195635678.1597239830.CjwKCAjwps75BRAcEiwAEiACMS6yPAvPnGx4ex Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices