Mental health and wellbeing support | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Mental health and wellbeing Most lifelong mental health issues begin in childhood. But talking about wellbeing early on can help us all cope better with life's challenges We should all be talking more about how we’re feeling - not waiting until there’s a serious problem. Most public funding focuses on dealing with crisis. But early intervention gives more families the confidence to care for their wellbeing and get help when they need it. Our work helps equip young people and their parents with skills to cope with life. One in 10 children in the UK experience mental health problems. Of those we work with, 74% show an improvement in their mental health. The Blues Programme The Blues Programme gets young people talking about mental wellbeing. Our existing Blues Programme teams are either funded through local authorities, pupil equity funding or through voluntary income via charitable trusts, foundations and corporate partners. Over six weeks, students aged 13-19 get comfortable talking about mental health. They learn how to manage and improve low mood, and anxious thoughts and feelings. I used to overthink things. Then my anxiety would take over. Now I know to remind myself it's OK to feel that emotion and how to move past it Harvey Sparrow, young person on the Blues Programme We’ve reached 5,500 young people so far. Of those, 76% report improved mental wellbeing. Almost all (98%) would recommend the programme to a friend. Read more about Blues Parent Talk Parent Talk is our online hub for down-to-earth parenting advice. Mental and emotional wellbeing is a key part of the support we offer. Parents can browse our advice articles, all created or curated by our parenting coaches. Or they can speak directly to a coach through our one-to-one live chat. Since 2018, we’ve supported over 450,000 parents online. This includes online advice and more than 10,000 one-to-one conversations. Around 9 in 10 parents rate the service four or five out of five, showing the difference it makes. We offer a regional live chat service Get in touch Can't Talk, Write Writing things down has a positive effect on wellbeing . It helps children and young people express what they’re feeling. It allows them to make sense of what’s happening in their lives. That’s why we’ve teamed up with Royal Mail and The Prince’s Trust to create toolkits to help young people get writing. View our toolkits Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like The Blues Programme: how we're making a difference in youth mental health 17 January 2025 Campaign with us Join us, take a stand and raise your voice for better and brighter childhoods How does poverty affect children’s mental health? 08 September 2025 Support us Give or get involved to support children, young people and families in the UK Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices