Campaign with us | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Campaign with us No child should have to pay the price of poverty Join us, take a stand, and raise your voice for better and brighter childhoods On this page: Why we campaign | Where we campaign | Our latest campaigns | Making childhood a national priority | The difference we've made | Become an Action for Children Campaigner . Why we campaign Right now, we’re seeing a system that continues to fail children. Our frontline services see more children at risk of harm, rising numbers of children taken into care, and an increase in child poverty. This isn’t just bad luck. We won’t stop fighting until every child grows up safe and happy . But alone, our voice isn’t enough. Change is only possible with supporters like you behind us. Sign a petition, contact your MP, or share our campaigns with friends and family. When you do, you’re joining a movement improving the lives of children in the UK Help us make change happen Hear about our latest campaigns Sign up (opens in a new tab) We campaign in four areas Choose a campaign and join us today. In just a few minutes, you can help us make a difference. You can also stay up-to-date by reading our latest blogs. Child poverty The government can't be blind to the 4 million children living in poverty. We're calling on them to act now and give every child a fair start in life. Take action now Children's social care Families facing problems and children in care deserve quality support to help them thrive. We’re calling for a system reset. Join the fight Criminal exploitation of children Going missing. Told to carry a knife. Terrified. Children are being trapped in exploitation. They need protections to keep them safe. Stand with us Protecting Universal Credit for disabled young people Learn how we’re supporting young people facing barriers to work, including access to social security. Read our briefing Our latest campaigns Paying the Price We're calling on the government to make sure no child has to pay the price of poverty. It's time to act A Place to Call Home We're campaigning for lasting change in the children’s social care system. Join us "Bad things happened in my life before I went into care. I’m still recovering from them. But I’m also still recovering from my time in care. Does that seem right?" Alex*, young campaigner Making childhood a national priority: The Children's Charities Coalition The UK could be the best place in the world to grow up. But right now, it isn’t. That's why we've been working closely with Barnardo’s, The Children’s Society, the National Children’s Bureau and NSPCC. Together, we're calling for safer, happier, healthier childhoods to be a national priority. The Children's Charities Coalition We’re working with leading children’s charities to ensure children’s voices are heard. Find out more The difference we've made Our campaigners have acted to change lives. More children are now protected because of these changes to laws and policies. Here’s what we’ve achieved with your support: UK law now recognises children affected by domestic abuse as victims in their own right. In England and Wales, sustained emotional abuse against children is now a crime. In Wales, young people can choose to stay in foster care for longer. Become an Action for Children campaigner Sign up to be the first to know about our latest campaigns and how you can support us. Our thousands of campaigners are making a difference – but there’s more to do. Join them. Help us make change happen Hear about our latest campaigns Sign up (opens in a new tab) More about Action for Children What we do We protect and support children and young people. We make sure their voices are heard. And we campaign to bring lasting improvements to their lives. Today, we run 342 services in local communities across the UK, in schools and online. In our nurseries and children's centres, staff make sure children get the best start in life. Our foster and modern residential services find children and young people safe and loving homes. We step in to protect children from neglect and abuse and help those who care for others. We're also here for parents, through projects like Parent Talk, our online support service. Our impact We’ve been helping children for more than 150 years. In 2024/25, we helped 551,400 children, young people and families. This was only possible with your support. We helped more than 10,740 disabled children, young people and families in 2024/25. We've supported 484,650 parents in 2024/25 through our family support services. Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like What will a Labour government do for children? 18 July 2024 Will the government’s social care reform give children the loving homes they deserve? 19 November 2024 What's it like growing up in care? Alex's* story 18 September 2024 Policy reports Search our reports for research and recommendations on the important issues affecting children in the UK Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices