Find your local services | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Find our services near you All Children's centre Adoption Children's fund Children's rights Crisis intervention Community development Early years and family support Disability Fostering Residential care Schools Young carers Youth Youth employment support Youth justice Youth support and leaving care Nursery Short breaks Family Hubs Mental health and wellbeing Criminal exploitation Search Aberdeen Priority Families Early years and family support Our centre is suited to the local community we serve, providing the best place to help families flourish Marischal College, Aberdeen Amaryllis Housing Scheme Youth support and leaving care Our service assists young people, who have left or are in the process of leaving care Within the local authority of West Suffolk Council Appropriate Adults in Age Assessments Children's rights Our Appropriate Adults in Age Assessments work collaboratively with Local Authorities to achieve the best possible outcomes for children and young people. Action for Children Arosfa Disability Short Breaks Disability, Residential care Arosfa Short Breaks Service sits proudly in the Mold community in Flintshire and provides respite care for children and young people Within the local authority of Flintshire Ballymena & Little Steps Sure Start Children's centre At Ballymena & Little Steps Surestart we help under-fives get ready for school. Ballymena Ballymote Family Project Early years and family support Reaching families in their local community to provide advice and support Downpatrick Ballymote Sure Start project Children's centre Our Children's centres play an essential role in giving children and families the early support they need. Downpatrick Beaumonds Short Breaks Residential care Beaumonds is registered to provide care and accommodation for up to 5 children in Bath aged between 8 and 18 with physical disabilities and/ or learning disabilities per night. Bath Birmingham Community Children's Centre Children's centre Our Children's centres play an essential role in giving children and families the early support they need. Birmingham Bradbury House Disability, Residential care Short breaks service for children and young people aged 0 to 17. Shrewsbury Newcastle DV Counselling Service Early years and family support Breaking the Cycle is a counselling service for children and young people aged 4-16 in Newcastle upon Tyne, who have been affected by domestic abuse Newcastle Upon Tyne Brixham Family Hub Family Hubs We are open to your whole community on a regular basis. We work in partnership with other agencies such as health visitors, midwives and local schools. Brixham, Devon Bucks Activity Project Disability, Short breaks Working with over 350 children in Buckinghamshire, we provide services for disabled children aged 0 - 19. Aylesbury, Bucks Buttercup Family Hub Early years and family support Our Family Hubs play an essential role in giving children and families the early support they need. Worcester Caerphilly Children’s Centre Children's centre We provide a wide range of high quality medical, therapy and support services to over 1,000 children and young people with disabilities or additional needs Caerphilly Camden & Islington Domiciliary Disability Our domiciliary service offers two types of workers to support your child or young person; support workers or health support workers Camden Camden Short Breaks Disability The goal is to ensure disabled children have the same opportunities in life as their non-disabled peers. Our community-based services do just that. London Chestnut Lodge Disability We offer a wonderful short breaks children's home where disabled children a young people aged 8-18 can come and stay and have fun while their families have a break Newcastle Choices Family Support Service Early years and family support We help under-fives get ready to start school. Children need social and communication skills to do well when they start school, and early years services are crucial Antrim Clacks Families Support Service Early years and family support We help under-fives get ready to start school. Children need social and communication skills to do well when they start school, and early years services are crucial Tullibody Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices