Blog | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Blog Read about our services, campaigns and the people we help, and get the latest on policies affecting children and young people Filter by type Blog Policy Press release Story Filter by topic Abuse and neglect Campaigns Children in care Criminal exploitation Disabilities Domestic abuse Early years Events Fostering Fundraising Homelessness Mental health Parenting Poverty Race Services Staff Supporters Volunteers Young carers Young people Filter How the Celebrate network supports LGBTQ+ colleagues Learn how the Celebrate network supports LGBTQ+ colleagues at Action for Children, as shared by co-chair Claire Cahill. Claire Cahill - Operational Director of Children's Services 10 June 2026 Supporting early years development with Early Years Practitioner, Jerome Only 2% of Early Years professionals in England are men. In this blog, Early Years Practitioner Jerome from Action for Children’s Spring Nurseries shares what a typical day looks like and why he loves his role. Leanne Cresswell - Digital Content Officer 02 February 2026 Old Boys and Girls Annual Reunion: Our Legacy and History Every year, those who were in our care get together for an annual reunion, sharing memories and thinking about the lasting legacy of NCH. Rachael Gearon - Digital Content Officer 11 August 2025 How to start a career in children’s social care Discover how to start a rewarding career in children’s social care, including the qualifications and experience you’ll need to thrive in the sector. Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer 11 February 2025 How Niaill is making a difference for children in care in the North East Niaill is the Team Leader at East Farm Cottage children’s home in Northumberland. Discover how he's been making a difference for children in care in the North East. Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer 03 September 2024 Celebrating the Muslim Network at Action for Children The Muslim Network is one of our newest staff networks at Action for Children. To celebrate it's achievements so far, we spoke to the Madeeha Dani from the network. Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer 13 August 2024 Celebrating success at the Stephenson Awards Each year, in memory of Dr Stephenson's kindness, we celebrate the people who help us deliver safe and happy childhoods across the UK. We do this through our internal awards, The Stephenson Awards. Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer 12 June 2024 Action for Children staff attend the 2024 Royal Garden Party This year, Raj and Amarjit from Birmingham Children's Community Centre were invited to attend the 2024 Royal Garden Party. Read about their day at Buckingham Palace and the amazing work that led them there. Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer 10 May 2024 Anne Marie's journey as an Action for Children apprentice Anne Marie is a Local Campaigns Officer at Action for Children. Discover how her experience growing up in care led her to becoming her own advocate. Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer 13 February 2024 How Corinna Laing's childhood shaped her career Corinna is the Operational Director of Early Years and Childcare at Action for Children. We discuss how her own childhood experiences shaped her career. Kelly Corcoran - Senior Digital Communications Officer 05 February 2024 Shining a light on Lillian's story We are spotlighting Lillian and the lasting impact she’s had on vulnerable children and families across the UK by leaving a gift in her will. 08 September 2023 How we support youth employability in Scotland In honour of World Youth Skills Day this July, we spoke to Jordan McCart to spotlight how Action for Children are helping equip young people with the skills they need for employment. Jordan is the Programme Team Lead for our Glasgow Employability service 12 July 2023 My drive to improve care standards remains the same throughout my career Kate Isham, our Operational Director within residential care, shares her career journey and the opportunities she's had along the way. 30 March 2023 Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices