Leave a gift in your will | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Leave a gift in your will Gifts in wills help make sure support is there when it’s needed. Whether you’re looking for information about gifts in wills or are a first-time executor, we’re here to help. How to leave a gift in your will We’re here to guide you. Find out more (opens in a new tab) Free gift in wills info pack Start your journey today by requesting a free guide to leaving a gift in your will. Order your pack (opens in a new tab) Sky of Stars Find your loved one in our Sky of Stars Visit our Tribute site (opens in a new tab) Frequently asked questions Have a question? We're here to help. Read our FAQs (opens in a new tab) Help for executors and solicitors We know your job is tough, we're here to help. Read more (opens in a new tab) Our legacy promise This is our promise to you. Find out more (opens in a new tab) Can't find what you're looking for? Contact us here Why leave a gift in your will? You could keep a child safe. Make sure they’re healthy and happy. And help them to achieve incredible things. A gift in your will could help transform a child’s life. Leaving even a small percentage ( a residuary legacy ) will go a long way. These gifts are inflation proof and exempt from inheritance tax. For vulnerable children, we’re family. And you can be too. Now, and for generations to come. Gifts in wills contribute to changing the lives of 551,400 children, young people and their families. There’s still so much more work to be done. Watch "Why would you leave a gift in your will for Action for Children?" on YouTube Action for Children have offered us so much support and always do their best to help. They truly want to help look after families. Every child should be happy and healthy, and that's what they are doing with their work. Ram, whose family was supported by Action for Children I don't have an existing will List what you own. Download our will planner . Decide who to leave it to. We would always encourage you to look after your family and friends first and seek independent legal advice. Choose your executors. That’s somebody who is going to manage your estate and carry out your wishes. Write your will. As a valued supporter you can have your will written for free. You have the choice to write your will online. Or talk to a specialist by phone. Get your free will now . Complete our pledge form to let us know. Write your will for free Gifts in wills help make sure support is available for generations to come. Write yours for free online with our trusted partner. Get your free will offer (opens in a new tab) I already have a will Complete a codicil form . Then attach it to your will and provide a copy to your solicitor. Complete our pledge form . How to contact us Phone - Call us Monday - Friday, 9am - 5pm on 0300 123 2112 - our Supporter Services team are happy to help. Email - giftsinwills@actionforchildren.org.uk - to ensure a quicker response, scan and email documents to us where possible. Post - Write to: Legacy Team, Action for Children, 3 The Boulevard, Ascot Road, Watford, WD18 8AG. Pledger form - Use our pledger form to let us know that you have left a gift or are thinking about leaving a gift. Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Free will offers Gifts in wills make sure support is there when it’s needed. Write your will for free online with our trusted partner Honouring our heritage For 150 years we've been helping vulnerable children, young people, and families. It all began when Methodist minister, Reverend Dr Thomas Bowman Stephenson, found two boys sheltering under the arches of Waterloo Station. Donate in memory of someone Give a gift in memory of a loved one and make a difference to a child’s life Our impact How we’re changing lives for children, young people and families across the UK Get your free gift in wills info pack Get your free info pack Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices