A week in the life of a Service Coordinator | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content A week in the life of a Service Coordinator Friday 10 November 2023 Tina Orme is a Service Coordinator at our Staffordshire Emotional Health and Wellbeing Service. She takes us on a tour of her busy week, from arranging care pathways to crafting ‘worry catchers’. Monday Mondays are always busy! The first thing I do is meet up with the duty team, Amanda & Shelley, both Young People Practitioners. We allocate who will be completing which referral calls and identify any ‘bottlenecks’. We also look at what workshops we need to plan, to meet the needs of the young people we work with. Finding team members to facilitate additional workshops can be tough as everyone is already working to capacity. I schedule the groups and it can be challenging to work out the logistics. Tuesday On Tuesdays, I’m responsible for triaging all referrals that come in. Today we have 23 referrals for children and young people that need our support with their emotional health and wellbeing. I read and assess each referral to decide on the most suitable pathway for them. I consider their age and clinical need, and what level and areas of support they need. Is it support with anxiety, low mood, self-harm, self-esteem issues or managing emotions? Do they need help to manage anger or support for their parents to understand the needs of their children, including neurodiversity and anxiety? If a referral is particularly complex or if there’s a risk to self within the referral, then I assign it to our Multi-Disciplinary Team meeting which we hold three times a week. Today there are some complex cases. I often find it quite difficult to read through some of the referrals and the difficulties the children and young people experience. I loved the techniques and how they were explained to me! It was really really easy to understand! A service user Wednesday Wednesday is our Wellbeing Day. The whole team attends, and we do lots of fun, creative activities with children and young people that teach them about emotions and give them strategies for how to manage them. The team splits up into smaller groups, each at a different craft table. We make ‘calm down jars’, ‘worry catchers’, music playlists, mood glasses and more. It takes lots of preparation to bring the day together! Cosmo, the Action for Children mascot, is with us today and all the children are so excited to see him. I make sure all the teams have everything they need and help out at a table if it’s really busy. Read another staff story Anne Marie's amazing career boosting opportunities Thursday I spend Thursday mornings at the Children and Families Single Point of Access (CAFSPA). We work together with CAMHS and school nurses to ensure each child and young person can access the most appropriate service in a timely manner. I answer any queries they may have about a particular case. It’s great to work together with other services. Then it’s time for another Multi-Disciplinary Team meeting. Together we look at all of the cases on the list. These are the most complex cases, so discussing them together helps us to identify the best possible support for each child and young person. Finally, we have our SLT meeting where we discuss the recent increase in risk we’re managing and the additional demand this puts on the service. We also think together about our pathways. Are we meeting everyone’s needs? Do we need to develop further pathways to cater for the children and young people we support? I have learnt new coping skills and techniques on how to cope in certain situations and how to calm myself down. A service user Friday On Friday, I pick up risk and safeguarding concerns from the team. All the SLT support with this. One of the practitioners asks for support in the chat and whoever is free will support them. These queries can be complex and difficult to hear. It’s my job to talk the Young Person Practitioner through the risk and identify what actions need to be taken. I guide the Practitioner in the actions she needs to take to safeguard the young person and the support that we can offer. I also take the time to check how the Practitioner is feeling as it is a difficult case. That’s the insight into my week. I’d like to now tell you about the broader aims of our service and my feelings towards my job role. Look for support in your area Find our services near you What the Staffordshire Emotional Health and Wellbeing Service does: Our service provides emotional wellbeing support for children across Staffordshire, aged from 5 to 18 years and up to 25 years if the young person is looked after or has an Education, Health and Care Plan (EHCP). We have a team of over 30 colleagues who deliver workshops or one-to-one interventions on anxiety, low mood, self-esteem, self-harm, and anger. We also go into schools and other clubs and groups to provide preventative ‘whole class’ approaches. The help we offer is based on listening to children, young people and their families or carers. Together, we talk about what the problem might be. This way, we can explore new solutions and make positive changes to their lives. My role and its impact Last year we received 3,552 referrals for children and young people. That’s a considerably large number! I know that without the work we do, these young people can struggle to get the support they need. My role is demanding and challenging but also extremely rewarding. We get amazing, positive feedback from people and about 98% of them report successful outcomes when their interventions end. I love working for Action for Children. As an employee, you can feel the organisation’s values in every single member of staff - they are not just words on paper. I hope to be here for a very long time and to continue to grow and develop in my role. Help us reach more children and young people At Action for Children, we have thousands of frontline workers supporting children and young people every day. We do this through giving children and young people a safe and loving home. Through supporting disabled children, young people and their families. And through building children and young people's emotional resilience to help them overcome challenges. Donate Help us be a vital lifeline for children, young people and families Donate now Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Mental health Services Young people Other news My days are a lot smoother now Esther, Action for Children Young Ambassador, speaks out on young people’s mental health after overcoming her own struggles Promoting the emotional wellbeing of children in care 02 August 2016 Mental health and wellbeing Discover our mental health programmes for children and families Keep up to date with Action for Children! Sign up to our newsletter Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices