Caerphilly Children’s Centre | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Caerphilly Children’s Centre Caerphilly Children are at the heart of everything we do Caerphilly Children’s Centre provides a wide range of high quality medical, therapy and support services to over 1,000 children and young people with disabilities or additional needs and their families, living in the Caerphilly County Borough. The ethos of the children’s centre is to keep the child at the centre of all we do and provide a “one-stop shop” as far as possible for children, young people and their families. Action for Children runs the service in partnership with Caerphilly County Borough Council, Gwent Healthcare Trust, Aneurin Bevan University Health Board, Families First and Enable and provides services such as physiotherapy, hydrotherapy, orthotic clinics, occupational therapy, speech and language therapy, dietetics and a home advisory service. Welsh translation Mae Canolfan Blant Caerffili yn darparu amrywiaeth eang o wasanaethau meddygol, therapi a chymorth o safon uchel i dros 1,000 o blant a phobl ifanc ag anableddau neu anghenion ychwanegol, ynghyd â’u teuluoedd, sy’n byw ym Mwrdeistref Sirol Caerffili. Ethos y ganolfan blant yw sicrhau bod y plentyn yn ganolog i bopeth a wnawn, a bod yn “siop un stop” i’r graddau mwyaf posib ar gyfer plant, pobl ifanc a’u teuluoedd. Mae Gweithredu dros Blant yn rhedeg y gwasanaeth ar y cyd â Chyngor Bwrdeistref Sirol Caerffili, Ymddiriedolaeth Gofal Iechyd Gwent, Bwrdd Iechyd Aneurin Bevan, Teuluoedd yn Gyntaf ac elusen Enable. Cynigir gwasanaethau fel ffisiotherapi, hydrotherapi, clinigau orthotig, therapi galwedigaethol, therapi iaith a lleferydd, deieteg a gwasanaeth cynghori ar gyfer y cartref. Service details Service name Caerphilly Children’s Centre Service type Children's centre Address Cwrt Llanfabon Energlyn Caerphilly CF83 2WP Wales Phone 02920867447 Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices