Volunteer with us | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Volunteer with us Make a real difference to vulnerable children and families across the UK by volunteering with us. Why volunteer Volunteering with Action for Children is a meaningful way to help some of the UK’s most vulnerable children and families. Along the way, you'll gain valuable experience , meet new people , and learn new skills . 551,400 Children & families helped last year 342 Services in communities across the UK 156 years We've been helping children since 1869 Many volunteers say the experience is good for their wellbeing and self-development. Whatever your career or life experience, we have a role for you. Ready to volunteer? Find opportunities in your area and start your volunteering journey Get started (opens in a new tab) Support and training All our voluntary roles are supported. We’ll give you an induction and relevant training, and you’ll always have space to raise issues. You don’t need specific skills for many of our roles. All we ask for is enthusiasm and a willingness to get involved. We’ll support your professional development with references and news about internal vacancies. As a volunteer, you’ll also be able to access our catalogue of E-learning courses. We are so proud to have achieved the Investing in Volunteers award. Our volunteers feel recognised, supported, and proud to donate their time and experience to help vulnerable children and young people. Volunteers painting at one of our children's services. What does volunteering involve? There isn’t just one way to be a volunteer. We have a range of roles that flex around the time you have to offer and the skills you want to use. You might work with your local playgroup, support young asylum seekers, or provide admin support. The best part of being a mentor is the connections you make with your matched young person. I remember the first time mine asked me for advice – it was unexpected and heartwarming. Bernice, Young Person’s Mentor, London Who can volunteer? Volunteering is open to everyone, from all backgrounds. There’s no upper age limit, though you’ll need to be at least 14 to apply (16 or 18 for some roles). We’re especially keen to hear from people with disabilities, or who identify as Black, Asian or another minority ethnic group. You may be unsure how volunteering fits your background, health or personal circumstances. But whatever your life experience, we’d value your contribution. You can volunteer if you’re an asylum seeker. Volunteering won’t affect any benefits you get. We’ll support your application if you have a health condition. Discover our volunteer roles Explore roles Some of our current featured roles include: Young person's mentor (Independent Visitor) Become an Independent Visitor to guide, listen to, and befriend a young person in care. As an Independent Visitor, you'll be trained and matched with a young person in care, and typically meet with them every month. Your role is to give your mentee the opportunity to build a trusting relationship with a supportive adult outside the care system, to be there for them, introduce them to new activities, and spend quality time together. Find out more Helping at events Can you help us set-up events, and be there to support visitors, staff and fundraisers? Take a look at our events , then email us stating which you’d like to help at. Get in touch Out Action Squads Join a wonderful family of community event volunteers to raise vital funds for our work. Set up your own Action Squad or join one in your local area. Join an Action Squad Explore our different roles and register your interest Having someone independent from social services in my life as a child was so important to me. [...] She supported me and advocated for me from a young age when I didn’t even know I needed it. [...] She believed in me, and people don’t often believe in us as children in care. Louise, a care-experienced young person supported by Action for Children Watch "Meet Denise" on YouTube Hear from Denise, a volunteer who has helped us create an e-learning program about inclusive communication. Ready to volunteer? Find opportunities in your area and start your volunteering journey Get started (opens in a new tab) Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Fundraise with us From running a marathon to hosting a bake sale, join or set up an event to have fun and raise money for children Campaign with us Join us, take a stand and raise your voice for better and brighter childhoods Leave a gift in your will A gift in your will could help transform a child's life. Find out how you can make a difference. London Independent Visitors Service Become an Independent Visitor and support a young person in care. Ready to volunteer? Find a volunteering opportunity (opens in a new tab) Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices