Helping young people with mental health | The Blues Programme | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content The Blues Programme The Blues Programme gives young people the tools to look after their emotional wellbeing There is a growing awareness in our society of the importance of supporting our children and young people to grow up to be emotionally healthy and resilient. Action for Children is committed to delivering support in a way that is known to make a positive difference. What is the Blues Programme? The Blues Programme is an internationally acclaimed wellbeing programme for young people aged 13-19. It has been tried and tested over the world and is proven to make a positive difference. The Blues programme is awarded an Early Intervention Level 4 plus programme. Over Over six weeks, it teaches emotional resilience, and reduces low mood and anxious thoughts. Crucially, it gets teenagers talking. So far, we’ve delivered The Blues Programme in over hundreds of schools , to thousands of young people . These are Action for Children's UK statistics: 77% of students say it improved their confidence. 68% of students say it improved their relationships with family and friends. 69% of students say it improved their relationships in school. 73% of students say it improved their self-esteem. 72% of students say it improved their involvement in learning. 78% feel comfortable talking about their mental health. 95% would recommend Blues to one of their friends. How it works: Blues involves a one-hour group session at school each week, plus home tasks. Students learn how to challenge negative thoughts, and talk about different coping strategies. Regular group work builds rapport and confidence. The home tasks are a chance to practice the new skills. It’s simple, and it works. Supporting mental health and wellbeing is a big part of what we do. We help young people talk about how they’re feeling, and make sure they don’t feel alone. Programmes are run by trained Action for Children Blues specialists. Here's what's involved. Eligible school, colleges, or sixth forms sign up. Students aged 13-19 fill out the Blues survey. The survey identifies students who will benefit from the programme. The six-week group programme begins (one hour/week). After the programme, every young person is given a mental health first aid kit and signposting. Want to discuss brining The Blues Programme to your area? Get in touch Current delivery locations England : Worcestershire, Wirral /Merseyside Wales : North Wales – Welsh Language delivery available, South Wales Scotland : Glasgow, Moray Sonas, South Lanarkshire, Ayrshire / Lanarkshire, Orkney, Inverclyde, Upper Nithsdale. In Scotland, we are also on East Ayrshire, Edinburgh City, Dumfries and Galloway, Dundee City, West Lothian Council and North Lanarkshire Council frameworks for Blues and Bouncing Back. Schools and/or Education departments can commission from these frameworks at any time. Funding Our existing Blues teams are either funded through local authorities, pupil equity fund, or through voluntary income through charitable trusts and corporate partners. Are you interested in donating to support the growth of Blues in existing areas or rolling out to new locations? Get in touch . Here's what our young people and schools had to say: Thank you very much on behalf of the school for putting together the programme. It has made a lot of difference amongst a lot of pupils - they speak highly of facilitators. A teacher from a school I think it’s really good because it’s very non-judgemental and it’s really fun because you get to relax and talk about anything. Young person The Blues is something I look forward to because its like a pause during the stressful school day for me to reflect on how I’m feeling and how I can help myself. Young person Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link You may also like Get parenting support We're here to help you with a whole range of parenting questions - from potty training to fostering Partner with us Your business has the power to make a difference. Become a corporate partner or join an exclusive event Make a donation There are lots of ways to give - from donating online to leaving a gift in your will or paying in fundraising Campaign with us Join us, take a stand and raise your voice for better and brighter childhoods Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices