Action for Children Fostering | Am I right for fostering? | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Am I right for fostering? You don’t need to be perfect to be a great foster carer, you just need to be you. The you who is single, married or somewhere in between. With children, no children or a house full of pets. At Action for Children Fostering we recognise that every young person is different and so is every foster carer. We celebrate individuality, yours and theirs and bring the two together. Fostering a child or young person can be a turning point in their life. Giving them the care, confidence and stability they need to thrive is an amazing thing to do. It’s life-changing and life-enhancing. It’s really important that our foster carers reflect current, diverse family structures in society. A wide range of foster carers will give us more choice to better fit with the diverse range of children and young people who need a safe and loving home. We’re committed to being fair and inclusive across our whole organisation and welcome foster carers from all walks of life. We believe in promoting equality, valuing diversity, and working inclusively. As long as you have space in your heart to care for a young person in need, Action for Children Fostering welcomes and encourages you to apply to join our fostering family. There’s zero pressure and zero commitment when you first explore fostering. We’ll look at who you are, what your life looks like and how a young person could be themselves in your home. This way we ensure that the support and training we provide to you is truly shaped around you and your life. Almost anyone can foster a vulnerable young person, and we believe that who you are is just what they need. Chat with your local team We have offices across the UK in England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales. Contact someone local to you by text, WhatsApp, email or phone. Whatever works best for you. Your local team Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices