Action For Children | Children's charity | For safe and happy childhoods It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content School's out Juggling work, childcare or family life? Parent Talk is here to help Visit Parent Talk (opens in a new tab) Our local services We have 342 services supporting families across the UK Find a service Boycott Your Bed 2026 Take on a challenge worth losing sleep over Find out more Item 1 of 3 Our work Driven by love, we take action so children don’t miss out on a safe and happy childhood. We have thousands of people on the ground, giving children and young people the protection and practical help they urgently need. And we campaign for lasting change. Our impact 551,350 children, young people and families helped thanks to your support Find out more 292 services across the UK offering practical and caring support Find a local service 106 years of helping vulnerable children, young people and families Our work and impact Take Action for Children Our services Learn more about our services and how we support children, young people, and families across the UK. Join a challenge event Sign up to run, walk, swim or take on another challenge. Leave a gift in your will Read our step by step guide to leaving a gift in your will. Become a foster carer Foster with Action for Children and make a difference to a young person’s life. Boycott your Bed Give up your bed for one night and help raise vital funds for vulnerable children living in poverty. Children in your local area are in crisis. Can you help? Monthly One off £5 £10 £15 Other £10 a month could pay for nappies and wipes for a baby or toddler for a week. Donate £10 a month Featured news and stories How the Celebrate network supports LGBTQ+ colleagues 10 June 2026 Four ways to volunteer for charity 03 June 2026 Create lasting change for children by leaving a gift in your will 01 June 2026 What a day looks like for foster carers Colin and Marie 13 May 2026 Take part in the UK's biggest charity runs 30 April 2026 Read more of our news and stories We're here to help Find a local service We work in communities to offer practical and caring support to children and families. Our 342 local services allow us to work on the ground and in communities. Find a service Parent Talk Parent Talk offers free advice online for parents of children aged 0-19. Browse articles written by our experts, or talk 1:1 via live chat with a qualified parenting coach. Visit Parent Talk (opens in a new tab) Sidekick Sidekick is an anonymous and confidential text service for young carers aged 13-18 in the UK. You can text us any time, about anything that's bothering you as a young carer. Visit Sidekick Fostering We recruit foster families from across the UK. Could you give a young person a safe and loving home? Learn more about fostering Item 1 of 4 Get involved Run a marathon. Organise a tea party. Join a sleepout. Find ways to have fun, bring your community together or challenge yourself. You'll be helping us to support vulnerable children too. Get involved Select Sign up to our newsletter Join a challenge event Do your own fundraising Fundraise at work Pay in your fundraising Thank you to our partners Find out more about corporate partnerships Keep up to date with Action for Children! Sign up to our newsletter Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices