Charity Mother's Day gift ideas | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Mother’s Day charity gift ideas: our top picks Rachael Gearon - Digital Content Officer Wednesday 04 March 2026 When is Mother's Day? Mother’s Day is fast approaching on Sunday 15 March. It’s a great chance to celebrate what your mother means to you and thank them with a meaningful gift . Your virtual gift could help make sure children and families are supported and have the basics. Make Mother's Day meaningful Buy a virtual charity gift (opens in a new tab) Mother's Day gifts Choose a charity gift and you could help change a child's life. Cuddly toy What better way of sharing the love this Mother's Day than with a cuddly toy? This cosy gift could help to comfort a child in need for just £10. Choose cuddly toy A day's food Every child should have access to food. Just £6 per month could provide a child with a day's worth of food, including a hot dinner. Choose a day's food Soft furnishings For a young person moving into care, being able to decorate their room with cushions and bedding can help to put them at ease. You could help someone feel more at home this Mother's Day with a virtual gift worth £25. Choose soft furnishings Books and games For £18 you could provide a child with books and games that can help them learn in a fun environment. Help to support children with their development. Choose books and games Give a gift in memory We understand that Mother's Day can be a sensitive and difficult time for many. It can be painful for those grieving the death or absence of their mother or mother figure. Children can have their own way of expressing grief and sometimes they don’t express it at all. If you want to honour their memory, why not give a virtual Mother's Day gift in their name? You can choose from a one-off or monthly donation. Mother's Day eCards Why not send a virtual eCard this Mother's Day? Every eCard sent is a donation to Action for Children - simply fill in your loved one's details, tell us when to send it, and we'll do the rest! Our collection features a number of beautiful designs for mothers, loved ones and beyond - including some designed by children we've supported! Buy a Mother's Day eCard Share this page Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Copy link Related Topics Fundraising Poverty Other news Mother's Day eCards Personalise and send a thoughtful Mother's Day charity eCard. Your donation could help us reach vulnerable children and families across the UK. Family Support Hubs Family Support Hubs provide early intervention and work with families who need support in their local area Children and families We provide a range of programmes, from childcare to mental health support, in communities and online Baby steps and beyond: The experience of motherhood 13 July 2022 Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices