Special events and corporate events | Action For Children It seems you're using Internet Explorer 11, which is not supported by this website. Please consider upgrading to a modern browser for the best browsing experience. Accessibility tools Basket Skip to main content Special events and corporate events From our Starry Night Gala to our Boycott your Bed sleepout, our special events and corporate events have raised millions of pounds to help vulnerable children and young people across the UK. Show all events Special event Filter Step Out for Children 2026 We're calling on Methodist churches and faith groups across the UK to plan a sponsored walk this spring and summer. Across the UK Never Mind the Business Glasgow Get ready to test your music knowledge and raise money for vulnerable UK children at our exciting charity music event, Never Mind the Business. 24th September 2026 Glasgow The Big Braw Quiz 2026 Special event After raising £50,000 in 2025, The Big Braw Quiz returns in 2026, bigger and bolder than ever. Sign up now and book your table to support vulnerable children. 12th November 2026 Glasgow Starry Night Gala Special event Join us for an unforgettable evening at our Starry Night Gala, and help raise vital funds for our children's charity. Tables are now on sale. 19th November 2025 London Woman of Influence Awards Each year, the WOI board and Action for Children gather to celebrate inspirational women across Scotland. Find out about the event and how you can attend. 8th March 2026 The Hilton Hotel Glasgow The Ultimate News Quiz Special event Join us at the Ultimate News Quiz, a brilliant charity fundraising event where teams battle it out in a current affairs quiz. Sign up today to support Action for Children. 10th March 2026 London Spring Lunch Join us at our exclusive Spring Lunch event for 2026 for an afternoon of fine dining and fashion. 20th March 2026 London Legacy Inspiration Day Join us for an exclusive insight into the work of Action for Children. You'll get to see first-hand from staff why your continued support is so vital. 8th June 2026 People's History Museum, Manchester Welcome to Action for Children! We use cookies on our website to give you the best possible experience and help us achieve our goal of improving life for children in the UK. By opting into our marketing and analytics cookies, we'll be able to produce stories, social media posts and digital adverts that are tailored to your interests. If you wish to opt out, please select manage settings and choose which cookies you wish to accept there. Accept cookies Manage settings Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Allow Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies are linked to services provided by third parties. The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website. We use 'targeting' cookies to link to social networks who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites or to provide advertising agencies with information on your visit so that they can present you with adverts that you may be interested in. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties and you may alternatively use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies The performance cookies on our website are used to collect information about how you use our website, pages visited and any errors you may experience. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you - all information collected is anonymous and is only used to improve your experience on the website and understand what interests users. Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Cookies described as strictly necessary are used to remember things like the information you’ve entered on a form or any orders or services you have requested. These cookies make sure you connect to the correct service on our website when we make any changes to the site. These cookies are essential for the websites to operate effectively. Back Button Performance Cookies Search Icon Filter Icon Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Confirm My Choices