speaker bio – ALTA Safety Summit BIOS Fabián Pérez Flybondi During his career at LATAM Argentina, he served as Captain Instructor and Inspector in Boeing 737 and Boeing 767 aircraft, as well as Simulator Instructor, actively participating in the training, evaluation and standardization of crews. He also served as Deputy Manager of Project Development and Instructional Methodologies, leading the design and comprehensive implementation of the AQP (Advanced Qualification Program) program, contributing to the strengthening of training and operational safety standards. His career includes previous experience as a Captain at LAN Express (Chile), Southern Winds and LAPA S.A., as well as experience in executive aviation in the creation of Aviajet S.A, a private aviation company, in addition to his early participation as a Flight Instructor in general aviation, training pilots in single- and multi-engine aircraft. He is a certified CRM (Crew Resource Management) Facilitator and has training in Unlawful Interference (AVSEC) and Operational Safety, actively contributing to the development of human and technical skills within the aeronautical environment. He holds Airline Transport Pilot (ATP) licenses in Argentina and Chile, with ratings on multiple transport aircraft, including Saab 340, Boeing 737, Boeing 757 and Boeing 767. Its experience combines air operation, technical leadership, professional training, methodological development and strategic safety management, positioning it as a benchmark in areas related to Operational Safety (SMS), aeronautical training and operational risk management. Datos Profesionales Relevantes 1. More than 40 years of aeronautical experience 2. 30 years in airline operations 3. 20 years as a Flight Instructor, Ground Instructor and CRM Facilitator 4. 16,000 total flight hours 5. Experience in leadership of Operational Safety Management Systems (SMS) and management positions in flight operations. 6. Experience in domestic, regional and international flights 7. Ratings on Saab 340, Boeing 732 -737 738, Boeing 757, Boeing 767