Venue – ALTA Safety Summit VENUE Hilton Mendoza Hotel The Hilton Mendoza, is ideal for relaxing and unwinding after enjoying the many attractions, the city has to offer, framed by the beauty of its mountains, rivers, vineyards, art, and culture. The hotel is strategically located near the city’s shops and attractions for your trip to Mendoza. It features 15 floors, spacious rooms and suites, a spa, restaurant and bar, parking, a casino, and one of the largest convention and event centers in the country. The features of this modern Convention Center and the design of its 11 meeting rooms, all located on a single floor, define a new concept that positions Mendoza as a leading destination in the industry, enhancing the province’s ability to attract national and international visitors and businesses. BOOK NOW Hilton Mendoza Hotel The Hilton Mendoza is ideal for relaxing and unwinding after enjoying the many attractions the city has to offer, framed by the beauty of its mountains, rivers, vineyards, art, and culture. The hotel is strategically located near the city’s shops and attractions for your trip to Mendoza. It features 15 floors, spacious rooms and suites, a spa, restaurant and bar, parking, a casino, and one of the largest convention and event centers in the country. The features of this modern Convention Center and the design of its 11 meeting rooms, all located on a single floor, define a new concept that positions Mendoza as a leading destination in the industry, enhancing the province’s ability to attract national and international visitors and businesses. BOOK NOW WARNING – Fraudulent Hotel Booking Travel Agency Don’t become a victim! We have been made aware of the existence of fraudulent hotel booking companies whom operate by contacting conference participants and exhibitors presenting themselves as a preferred supplier or, in some cases, claiming to be affiliated with ALTA as a vendor for the show/exhibition company or hotel, and offering lower hotel rates and preferred exhibition area locations at discounted prices. ALTA only works directly with the hotel and the only official and secure channel to process your hotel and exhibition area reservations is through the link included in this website. If you have any questions, please contact us at conferencesandmeetings@alta.aero . About Mendoza Mendoza, officially the City of Mendoza, is the capital of Mendoza Province in Argentina. It is located in the north-central part of the province, in a region of foothills and high plains on the eastern side of the Andes Mountains. Mendoza is the heart of Argentina’s wine country, internationally renowned for its Malbec and other red wines. The region’s many bodegas (wineries) offer visitors tastings, tours, and unique wine experiences. The city features wide, tree-lined avenues and a mix of modern and Art Deco architecture. Several smaller plazas surround Plaza Independencia, the city’s main square, which is also home to the underground Museo Municipal de Arte Moderno, showcasing modern and contemporary art.